Israel is doing it now. what is your excuse?
Can't nasa give soldiers watches for military fir GPS
Gps is a comfort not a need!
Cry about it USTards
Before or after that ship made the bridge collapse? Hmmmmm.
Woah Mother Russia. I love this country
It's time for the US to upgrade its warfare technology. This technology has already been more than three decades old. I assume it will take this matter as serious as possible. Please don't wait until the enermy desploys many of those jammers on the fields.
Looks like an act of War. America needs a real president. One that hasn't been contaminated with socialism.
If the Russian Federation is allowing or condoning hackers within its territories to interfere with the GPS system so vital to safe navigation for civilian airliners and passengers,  it has truly become a pariah state on the global stage.       👽🔰
GPS jamming tech was available to US from reverse engineering "secrets of skin walker ranch", in the TV documentary the ancient aliens had the prototype buried in "triangle" areas under the inter-dimensional wormhole on the Utah ranch.
If Russia 🇷🇺 can jam the bread  they can eat it aswell 😂
We are supplying them
Brilliant - RUSSIA!!!!!
Like the US dollar be sure to lose it if you weponise it World will use non US gps if you use it for war
Hier der Darcho Jandreoski Pegasus Galactica 7 - Heute werden 7000 tausend Staat USA Parlamentarier aus aller Welt in Staat USA im Automobile mit Sattelit Antenne flüchtend sterben - fassen sie mich Darcho Jandreoski / Pegasus Galactica 7 nochmal an werden morgen wieder 7000 Staat USA Parlamentarier mit Automobile flüchtend sterben
Why do they not use the civil version of Glonass, Galileo and other traditional navigation options to increase the precision of GPS? And why do they not use data from spy satellites?
How could this be? 
I thought Ukraine downed 7000 of the total 1400 missiles that Russia ever released.

And Ukraine also downed  9000 of the 400 drones that Russia ever released .

And Ukraine also shot down 3500 of the entire   140 total jet fighters that Russia ever used in Ukraine. 

I heard that Zelenskyy was a comedian and a clown, but this is the first time I heard he was a magician as well.
What did you expect?
Russian technology is amazing.
Jamming the GPS used for targeting system is part of every electronic warfare system. That is a reality. Even the US have them and is using them in Ukraine. They are complaining because it appears that the Russian's is better. Their missiles, GPS guided bombs and artillery rounds are missing their targets. Back to the drawing board.
Lol, the Russians just f*$ked up Space Force and it's too funny. And then, just in case you thought they couldn't do it, they shoot down a satellite . I imagine though that American satellites have special, fancy radar absorbing paint or material on them that makes them much more difficult to target😂
So can't we jam their signals too?
Political drama & propagandas from our end against Russia!
We’ve got nothing else to do!
Yep thought so how else would those tanks hidden in the woods have gotten nailed....
👏👏👏👏👏👍👍👍great work President Putin
LOL
Go Russia destroys those Neonazis!!!
US, WA-WA-WA. What did you expect?  Russian propaganda.
Russia understands very well the technology of the West.
,✨
I never needed GPS, I m used to reading cards,
good Russia, keep going,
War tactics to get the Russians to start jamming drones and exposed their position for the HIMARS. Remember they said Ukraine was getting ready  for a counter in Donbass  then the Russians focus their defense in that region and  then BOOM! all their bases in Crimea destroyed
For all the Russian TROLLS here...  TROLL-LO-LO-LOL!!!!  Z = KYPBA.  BbI KYPBA!!!  https://youtu.be/sCNrK-n68CM
God bless president Putin and the people of Russia glory to president putting and the people of Russia.
America is smarter than Russia so u will get the gps signal fixed so cut off China and Russia gps America can block Russia and China ask Elon how to fix this problem for Elon can fix it period
Omg it could be worse. Omg GPS.
It's crystal clear now,  the dream of Pres. Putin in invading Ukraine and occupying Donbass region & Crimea...to have a link(land bridge) to Moldova via Transnistria(staged unrest is now happening).  All his alibi...like,  oppression of Russian-speaking nationals,  deNAZI fication of Ukraine,  countries joining NATO,  are all pretext & superficial.   His imperialistic ambition of restoring USSR & monopolizing the Azov Sea is his primary goal.   And he wants no hindrance along the way.   He curtailed press freedom,  limit social media(to contain information), outlaw free speech,  criminalize real stories about the war,  oligarchs mysteriously disappeared,  jailing (or eliminating of officials,  etc.   This is a blatant display of power.  We never imagine this would happen in modern times.  Have we thought how desperate Putin is now?   He's barely trying to survive.   Really,  "old habit is hard to die."
Then why don’t somebody make a signal bubble to use at certain times?
Can’t believe the Russians haven’t neutralised all spy satellites as a mater of course
Can the Russians please jam anything coming from the Kardasians? Please!
I am a paramecium
How stupid is this you are at war with Russia
Czar ,putin,defecting to china?gones insane
PLEASE TELL RUSSIA WE SEE WHAT IS REALLY GOING ON.
Hears pooptin,defected,went,awols
Russian should  gam all usa weapons  send to ukrane
Just keep pumping usa tax money in.  Russia takes it all  + all the wepons sent.    Tratour  china  joe  destroyed the usa
The US government has no business entangling us in foreign affairs.
Just desperate that's all.
I know Russia shot one of its satellite so you news readers are you saying Russia shot another of there satellite down?
I no Russia shot down one of its satellite so you are saying Russia shot another of its satellite?
They said Russia is using 60-70's technology and is failing on all fronts...
Boo Hoo!! LOL
Oh that is so sad. Given that America has used Ukrainian hackers for years to operate bots on all the social media platforms registered in the US, to sway public opinion around election times, it seems a bit sad that Russia has some method of blocking GPS's handed to the hapless Ukrainian flunkies of the fourth Reich, whom I am certain are starting to ask what it like in the Hague at this time of year (Blinken should be to).
Biden is the extrimely bad
They might want to think about jamming (tollhouse 2).
United States will push Russia into ww3 we will all feel the pain then
Toward Russian bidden met attitude in Belarus in the relationship of the authorities in his way to Lithuania prime - minister in many European countries . Merkel Angela German chancellor also you do impose possible difficulty to talk to others also respect a delicate area in the current legislation as regards as the commission all Russia again of government . Access the last Summit head of state of government . I think since to others I was surprise the decision opinion something differently .
Why not to use russian Glonass too?
Wow so interesting
Yup, let's blame the Russians on your incompetance. 🤣🤣🤣
If we learned anything from Halo and COD the jammer is in a close proximity of the devices being jammed
Boom boom russia boom boom baby bye bye Ukraine bye bye biden
Good.
God bless Ukraine please stay safe xx
1:30 the US did the same too.
Americans must be the only people who complain about what the enemy is doing. Do they really want the enemy should stick to doing things they agree with. It's so immature.
😂😂😂🇱🇺🥃
The Russian haven't even got signals for their troops in ukraine ffs 🙄
Jamming GPS as part of war strategy, much more elegant than bombing wedding party and hospitals in Afghanistan by US army.
Who would have thought?
Z✌🏾
its 300k Ukranian Hackers trying to create WW3--- dont be SO Dumb! tired of Watchn UNINTELLIGENT American Intelligence, they play u like a Puppet
USA HOPE THEY COULD DO AND USE IT IN ANY OTHER WAR THEY CREATE LIKE USUAL
WHY RUSSIA TRY TO DEFENDE THEMSELF FROM NATO
It was obvious that the US controlled the drones ,now they are loosing control.
The question ,who is fighting against whom ?
May have a WWIII on our hand.
What to they expect the Russians to allow their positions to be given away? I can imagine its a normal tactic in war.
So there is nothing secure line after multibillions of dollars spent on technologies.
Well done Russia keep cooperate   with China
So u look shock then on the same time rusian misile gps connection is so good with high accuracy
People might want to look into Hunter biden's laptop. I'm sure it has a lot to do with this war in Ukraine
why should one expect anything else ?
Russia has its own GPS.  Non-story.
The besf way to jam GPS for any army is to ionize the atmosphere
I thought the western media was saying Putin was running in defeat. Were you all completely wrong again?
Good
nuke them, glass the kremlin
Lol 😂
So you are saying usa wants russia not to jam gps so that they can bomb gps guided weapon
That's part of winning a war.take out supplies.communications n everything else falls into place
I bet they are 😂
Signal jamming has been around for years, nothing new.
They are probably.doing it to see what counter measure is taken so that they can plan to counteract the counter measures in the future
I wouldn't believe this news coming straight from the US. US media are propaganda machines of the government.
Is this news for 9 year olds? How is any of this even close to news worthy?
https://youtu.be/u9iTPyIulFM
Foolish puppet Zelensky Asking weapons from master NATO and USA but blaming Russia for not interested in peace. He has learned hypocrisy quite well from Western Europe
CONFERENCE SUMMARY: TO ESTABLISH A NEW SECURITY AND DEVELOPMENT ARCHITECTURE FOR ALL NATIONS
https://youtu.be/zDNuhb-ViaM
USA 💩
NATO 💩💩
UKRAINE 💩💩💩
The US fights Russia to the last Ukrainian
Remember when everyone made fun of Trump for starting space force.
Remembered Palestine, Iraq, Syiria, Yamen etc..  God knows.. URAA
USA and nato need to do something
Why would you broadcast it to the enemy? Duh!
What a Surprise ?   Russia is all in and will now use overwhelming ( BRUTAL) Force ? Losses or World Opinion make Zero Impression on the Russians or Chinese !  Without NATO troops ( NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN) the Ukrainians will eventually be overrun ?  Never Had To Happen - Nigel Farage warned NATO in 2014 What the Russians would do if Ukraine did Not Stay Neutral but the ignored him ! 😔
Palestina aman duniapun aman
Question why don't we jam them ??
Of course they are they would be negligent if they didn't
I know what America is after, it's a shameful to see how US are full of propaganda and lies.
Russia jamming US GPS signals to hamstring opposing military.  Wow...who could have imagined that?  [sigh] 😖
I wished Russia would had help Gadaffi and other countries that were invaded by the US and NATO just as the westen powers are doing today. 
I wonder what would have happened. $1 bn jet lost in Libya, hmmmm.
As they should wtf we doing there giving them weapons and targets???? We got a dog in this fight regardless of our governments lies.
Russia is not Iraq.
Of course they would jam the civilian code. Give the Ukrainians access to the Y code encryption if we truly consider them allies. Won't help where the Ukrainians are using civilian GPS systems - but it will give their military some capability, especially if they are using western smart weapons. And we have not provided GLONASS spoofer/jammers to the Ukrainians? That would be odd.
Is that the SPACE FORCE Psaki made fun of?
So? We did this in Iraq. Lmfao.
hshshhshshhahhahahahhahahhahahahhaha
What else USA wants Russia to do. It has to jam GPS.
The US are talking about rules on war???? 🤣
All glory to Russia 💪👍😁😆🤣😂😅
God Bless Space Force 🙏 🇺🇸
Boot our enemies off our satellites to start with.
We British can also play dirty..
We're jamming jamming 😁😃😄
Spot major electronic transmitters and jamm it...
This is nothing new, the USA has done the same, it's just not comfy to see Russia and China do the same and knowing Russia can knick out orbital satellites
About the time to start using laser point system to take Russian interference sat .I know everyone is careful not to reveal to much in this war but time has come to show off little capability!
staff sgt. taylor is a nice piece of a__
This doesn't look good putin has been given free bass to slaughter Ukrainian children women and elderly its un acceptable that most powerful nations in the world watching this horrific genocide and not taking seriously
For 15 years Russia has been telling us that expanding NATO eastward was going to have grave consequences. Our jerks in Washington thought Putin was bluffing. Well, cry if you want about your GPS getting jammed.
Time to jam russian Gps systems
laughable Russia and china both are in the same boat, they both have military hardware purchased from Walmart. Putin's time is short because the real shot-callers will not tolerate the loss of Money over his delusions of grandeur! The people will rebel against the government in favor of democracy.
This is not surprising.
Genocide by Azov to civilian... finally the truth came out https://youtu.be/_lsoV_6ZCZc
Nothing is for free! Not even US BS!
Good russia.
Помогайте нашим ребятам на фронте 5167 8031 0156 3232
What is happening to the Russian soldiers who have lost their lives for Putin the man who doesn't care what happens to them. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJHeltDiUfs

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mVPTqHZqdz0

If the Ukrainians really have many dead Russian soldiers, then it would be a big coupe for them if they could return them to their families in Russia on the 8th or 9th of May which is Victory Day in Russia. Who knows it might be a Victory day for the Ukrainians too and bring an end to this senseless war and give proof to the Russian people who deserve to know what has happened to their Sons and Daughters in Putins War on Ukraine.
Pres. Putin's(or modern-day Emperor) paranoia or imagined threat is getting wider.   Finland(and Sweden) are considering joining NATO also.   They are "pushed" by the recent invasion of Ukraine.   If Putin can do this to his "brothers & sisters"(as what he thinks) in Ukraine,  the more he can do it elsewhere.   So,  Finland is getting swarmed by Russian troops in her border lately.   If we are going to follow the pattern,  it's worrisome to be a neighbor of Russia.   You are immediately perceived as an enemy once you show intention of joining NATO.   So,  Finland,  Norway,  Estonia,   Latvia,  Georgia,  Azerbaijan, etc. are all in danger of being invaded once they copy what Ukrainians did.   This is serious.   Pres. Putin is entertaining an "empty threat" in his mind.
So where is space force ? Take out Russia's satellites.
Russia is the big boss
Take out the Russian glosnas satellites. US GPS NEEDS TO BE CHANGED AND UPDATED. China and Russia using the US GPS is absolute stupidity on the side of the US!!!
US are wrong to have GPS in Ukrainian😎
Who jammed the moskvas communications. A small drone or a growler or awacs nearby. Someone blinded the moskva and let ukraine have a guided potshot at the russian ship. Who did this?? Thats a six milkion dollar question. If someone can find the answer you will findout who really killed 400 russian sailors.
thank  you
Good to hear the news
Russia has glonass, they do not need gps that would place them 20 meters beside the road the are supposed to be on
The US has done the same.
We are not advice as we think wake up America !
Hmm I remember when people laughed at the new space force but now it’s a good thing they were created for this reason
Surprise!
Accuse of jamming 😂
What do you expect the Russian to do, sit and watch how the world fight against the eastern Orthodox church !
What sort of Bogus information war you are playing against the Russia 
Atleast they have not slaughtered a million Ukranian
Most civilians in the West/US also use Russian satellites too (GLONASS). There are four major satellite systems/networks. It's a standard tactic to jam or attempt to monitor communications in a war zone.
Russia is talking to USA in the language that it understands
Putin, you are the man
Just switch over to the Russian GPS signals, those are not jammed.
It seems that Ukraine War game just has got a twist.
Time to crusiesmissleattacktheyace
US tell me you don't encrypt your   signal. then they're probably sending a false GPS signal to the receiver.
Well of course...what did you expect
So US admitted they are involved in this war... Can you stay in your fq continent and stop bringing wars to other countries!
Unfortunately Putin has been planning this scenario for 22 years and knew it would be bloody and costly and would lose lot of men just like both world wars before this Unfortunately we are not dealing with a unexperienced man he's a kgb assassin with the most sophisticated powerful nuclear arsenal on the planet and with the most powerful Air defense System in the World that NATO fears the most specially if they have to fight Russia in a national survival war like the Nazis because the  grim reality of past has  repeated itself again in the 21st Century and once again we were expecting different results  unfortunately no one  has learned anything from it.  

Now in 2022 and now because everyday this war goes on in Ukraine the doomsday clock ⏰ ticks closer the start WW3 at anytime or worse go right to a Nuclear War. If Japan or any other country backs Ukraine with soldiers like Japan is about to do and there military over Ukraine to help stop Putin from annexing any more old Soviet territory in his next step to push NATO out of his Soviet Warsaw Pact Territory which has been more vunerble and distracted and more vunerable than anytime since WW2  that's already suffered and lost a lot because there in the middle of the worst pandemic in modern history and now possibly the next world war is right at there doorstep so be very concerned people this is no joke. Especially now with China with eyes of a hawk watching everything unfold very carefully and could  launch a attack on Tiwann and use the South  china ⛵ Sea to do its just waiting for the USA to make the wrong mistake and be caught off guard with the war with Russia and its allies.
 Estein said the next war would be with sticks and stones because nothing would be left but a dying radioactive planet uninhabitable for centuries and if someone did survive and managed to get  enough people together for another one it would be the cave man way and nothing else just like the movie threads only this time it's Ukraine that starts it not Iran now in today's war with Russia
Russia is use to taking high casualties and prepared for it they lost 27 million in WW2 and it took millions to just to break the back of Nazi Germany Putin doesn't care about that he knows he's already one because NATO is afraid of nuclear war if they interfere so all he has to do now is get Ukraine to surrender and if that means leveling cities to the ground then so be Putin told the civilians to evacuate many times before the invasion and said this will be bloody and brutal so if you don't want to die leave now and lay down your arms but they chose to stay and think this was a joke and Putin wouldn't evade even when he had almost 200,000 men at Ukraine's doorstep and we told there president he would invade right after the Olympics but everyone in Ukraine thought it was a joke and Russia would go home as soon as they were hit with sanctions and chose to stay and even worse fight and have there families fight when they didn't need to when they have a powerful ground Ukraine army that knows how to fight there own kind and doesn't need civilians getting in the way making it harder for them to do there job and much much more dangerous now for everyone because they stayed and chose poorly unfortunately .
God bless Putin a real peace keeper!!! Our city in Donbass has been shelled by Ukrainian Nazis for 8 years, the Ukrainians murdered thousands of people since 2014, unfortunately not a single word in the media!!! The government is completely fascist!!!!! God bless Russia and every Russian soldier!!!! You you guys live on the other side of the world, and have never seen these were crimes committed by Ukraine, so I suggest you guy go back to being tik tokers instead of political war experts! Thank you Putin!!!! It’s not Putin our country would be worse than Iraq !!!! NATO is a ruthless war machine, thank you Russia for stoping these cowards !!!
After 2014 government change in Ukraine by USA, they sold Ukraine to Rothschild and Comp. and started HOMOSEXUAL PARADES, AND NOW THEY BROUGHT UKRAINE TO THE STATE OF SODOM AND GOMORRAH!!!! PUTIN = TRUMP = AN ANGEL OF GOD!!!!PUTIN STRONG = TRUMP STRONG = SARAH PALIN STRONG !!!!!! LOL !!!! SARAH PALIN IS ABOUT TO PUT TRUMP BACK INTO WHITE HOUSE !!!!! LOL!!!!Trump won!!!!LOL!!!!
Thank you president trump for facilitating the world wide GPS usage via space force. (Why was this a joke)?
If Germany fell into the trap of the United States and Britain, and starts activities against the National Interest of Russia it will be a blunder. Then after effects  will started soon and German economy will be paralyzed.
Well the fact is America is selling their weapons to Ukraine and America will never want this war to end .... 
Its like putting fuel on the fire America
putin and russia are lost and will end in death
Mariupol:
https://www.youtube.com/c/PatrickLancasterNewsToday/videos
Good Russia
Great move. Do whatever necessary to jam those aggressors from the US n NATO. Now NATO stand for No Action Talk Only. What Russia should do is to shut them up n then it becomes No Action No Talk. NANO alliance.
That's very interesting, exactly when did nbc decide to cover for the Biden 's by not accurately reporting the lap top story and what have they gained by being a part of the deep state, child mo cabal? 10% to the big guy!
Great Job Russia, 👍🇷🇺
Fantastic news!!
America military assistance to Ukraine surpasses 3BILLION DOLLARS Add NATO and the rest of the west assistance. AND RUSSIA IS STILL STANDING A CHANCE IN THIS WAR. ....WOW
Russia 🇷🇺 🙏 ✊️
USA and Russia will turn Ukraine into a warzone. Sad to see it.
If Russia doesn't watch there step they will bring nato to join the war
Call Putins Bluff
Put feet on the air land and sea
And STOP HIM ...
NK jammed it too
AAAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAAA TELL PUTIN I LOVE HIM
It will be handled.
Archangel Michael
If Google maps say turn left, think twice.
2019 "Ukraine and Zelensky are corrupt "
2022 "Ukraine is a democracy, Zelensky is a Hero"
Media thinks people r brain dead
Why is Trump sending money and aid to Russia.........
Ok key word was maybe in other words he don't know
Russia is mismatch every NATO supplying arms to Ukraine and russia just doing itself alone
Officer Webber at the Veterans Affair Police Sub-Station in Phoenix Arizona will violate your kids hardcore and I will fart bubbles while Webber is doing God's work on your Atheist children..  I will utilize Salt River Pima - Maricopa Police and Tevor Thundersheild at Hom Inc in Phoenix Arizona to call the Phoenix Veterans Affairs Sub Station to promote blood stool.
Call Phoenix veterans hospital  jade/opal clinic and ask for Mrs. Warren.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHfZ5C25lhA
uhhhhm, this was a known problem almost from the moment the GPS system hit the drawing board. it is a rather ho hum trivial technical trick to jam consumer GPS.
What did u think they would do. The Americans have no business there. They do the same thing in their embargoes, and wars. Get out of other countries affairs and get over it.🤷‍♀️🤷‍♂️
lol, oh America. propaganda at its best. Ppl, open your eyes, NBC, CBS, The Sun and all other NATO allied broadcasters only allow you to see what you want to see
good
SLAVA UKRAINE! GPS? WE DONT NEED IT..WE KNOW WHERE THE RUSSIANS ARE, INCLUDING #PUTIN ,  ALL HIS FAMILY MEMBERS, AND LOVERS 24/7. #SQ303 #TIARMY  FREE PEOPLE'S 🛰️🛰️🛰️🛰️🛰️📡📡📡📡📡📡 SATELLITE.. 2,500,890 STRONG.. 🌎🌎🌍🌍🌍 WORLD WIDE..#NATO #OTAN WE NEED COVER OVER, THE BLACK SEA..WE GOING IN..AFTER ALL RUSSIAN'S SHIPS..
It seems like we know how to sink ships like the Moskva, regardless of their counter measures.
Fortunately Elon Musk has sent Starlink receivers.
That's Chinese technology put sanctions on china
Why Is Russia Soldiers Using Rockets like that's unacceptable they are killing ALL the Ukrainians that is not what they are supposed to do #PrayForUkraine
Dont worry, its just "special jamming operation" 😉
Blimey!
It's time for us to get involved with our Air Force in Ukraine.  Everything that Russia is doing to the Civilian population in Ukraine goes against everything we in the West stand for in our principles.  How can we sit here and do nothing while Ukraine is literally destroyed.  Soon Mariupol will have not 1 building standing.  The city will be wiped off the map!  How can we call ourselves civilized and allow such Evil to prevail?  Our WW2 Veteran Grandfathers were not afraid, they were not cowards.  They would be ashamed of us today!
🤣🤣🤣it's a 2 way street🥳🤡🐒🍌
Why can't  we do it too them
The U.S. is an active combatant. Our spy satellites are accessories to this conflict and subject to blinding and destruction.
That's scary to know that Russia can hijack the GPS system. 😵😱
The only aggressor here is Putin. Nobody attacked Russia or threatened Russia yet Russia is slaughtering thousands of innocent people and threatening Nuclear War?? This man is out of control.  The Russian people need to take him out for thier own safety
Good job! Excellent!
Was about time Russia steps up.
Here the answer from Elon Musk 
https://youtu.be/2WX_mgnAFA0
Hahahahahahaha
The wars in Taiwan/ South China sea is going to be technologically advanced wars. My friend is a Navy officer, he went to China, on the way coming home, they lost their track. Until their Boss beg Chinese navy to allow them to leave, before the Chinese navy unlocked their Gps to switch them back to Europe Gps
Puttin the mass murderer
Arrest puttin now
Arrest puttin now
SO zelinski is the new president of the US??
Keep testing Russia 🇷🇺, and you'll get what you're asking for.
Be just like pearl harbor. And 911
Wish putin world push the button
It is a war what you expect.
They have stopped F-35 from operating ! How embarrassing
Isn’t that what musta satellite are for?
Russia is having problems with Ukraine,,, imagine 🇺🇸 lol, take some mydol and go to bed Putin
Well what do you expect when you provide them access to your satellite
PRAY GOD WILL TURN THE HEARTS OF THE LEADERS B4 ITS TO LATE! IF YOU AGREE THUMBS UP!
Russia should declare a war in the space..get rid of all those GPS and satelites
I would shoot down all satellites.   Anything that flys over Russia is fair game.
USA  and Nato must send troops in Russia to stop psyco and assasin Putin and his war criminals
I do believe that US🇺🇸 military would have its own gps navigational equipment separate from commercial ones. It would be soo foolish to incorporate both.
Good for Russia.
So soon we will see Star Wars in sky
Go russia,block them.
Z
LOL, YES,YES,YES,YES, YES,YES,YES,YES RUSSIA TAKE OUT THE OBAMA'S PERSONAL NAZI TRASH. LOL,LOL
WAR MONGERS. !!!
Russian has an army of 1 million men and two million reserves, Ukraine has 280,00 men in army and lost 3K men. This war will end with bloodshed and you watched it happen. US send in troops!
Russian are powerful
Why putin wants Ukraine? Perhaps it is better to ask why Putin does not want Ukraine to become a NATO ally. The only real government in the world today is NATO, which has 50 wars on its conscience that ended badly. NATO is an offshoot of the USA which, under the pretext of democratizing other countries, wages war all over the world against those who do not think like them.
Face it,,,, we are at war .
Obama dropped so many bombs on innocent brown people, that we he ran out of bombs. When does the trial for High Crimes against Humanity and War Crimes begin? Obama, Bush, and Clinton are all war criminals.
The empire is going down anyway
Good
Russia is so weak it let US to interface its war for providing arms and GPD satellite systems .
Puppet Zelensky.. eat your kosher bagels, boy!
Hunter Biden and the Ukrainian Oil companies and oligarchs...  stay tunned...
General Mark Milley said the war between Ukraine and Russia will last years but not certain it will last a decade with that being possible.  How can the Biden administration allow this to be so drawn out.  Either give Ukraine all the conventional weapons and support they need immediately or give Ukraine nothing so the war comes to an end ASAP which will result in less deaths from a long draw out war.  When the US was in WWII there was no military doctrine to allow such incompetence.  The Biden administration and his military advisors are incompetent if they foresee this war lasting years and not doing anything about it.
Democrats dismantled President Reagan’s SDI program and ridiculed it. He was way ahead of the game …
😀😀😄😄 russia and china might be using american sattelite but the question is what information they will get? american are not stupid to give the real information. only american military has access to the real pictures of the sattelite.
You're telling me GPS by US is being jammed and there are no alternatives? If it's the case we're screwed!
Peanut butter jelly jammer!
GPS = Georgian Poodle Siege?
drones....
Just use Russia's or China's GPS.
1:00 Vital? Well it looks like people are going to have to learn to read a map, you know, like we all used to before GPS was a thing.
A Rússia  tem ataca os satélite Estados Unidos  qur estive dando informações  para Ucrânia  sim
Hahahahahaha as if US is an innocent victim.  Only the US and this brain damaged propaganda can start a war and then fake cry about morality.  This is pathetic.
USA stop ben nasty if anything happened USA is blam
America should expel Russia from the UN Security Council and strip it of its veto power. This would be a fatal blow to Russia because there are many countries that fear a Russian veto. As for Russian oil and gas, it must be replaced by American and Qatari gas and oil via ships, and the Nigerian through the Nigerian pipeline passing through    to  sinigal to moritania to Morocco to Europe. This line must be accelerated. He likes to supply Ukraine with a thousand US and Turkish drones, and Russia should be denied a Russian veto
This has to stop the Tyrant Putin must go!!!
Buy paper maps.
The fact West is supporting Ukraine in the war is pushing this world to a nuclear holocaust. The west wants to install military base in Ukraine against Russia. The anti Rusdian hype is obviously strong despite the Soviets gave up their communist and embraced democracy...yet there is no stopping of the anti Russian tune by the West, led by tricky politicians of the West, for publicity and political gains.
Hopefully someone on our side has foreseen this problem and has figured a way around it, or developed backup plans. Even if it means going old school.

Also are we doing the same to Russian GPS systems?
Let them fight thats it
До чего Зеленский довёл   
страну
It’s not that hard to navigate a misleading directly to the jamming signal. It is how we used to navigate aircraft.
its war....stupid general...
Why dont the hackers clear it. Or Elon Musk
I don’t trust anything NBC says.. or any WOKE general that would sit with fake news!!
Ash muck to help ! No problem! 
For Space X can do
free GPS is misinformation. not hating...but it is not the full or correct truth. 
just saying.
Haha they should. Let's see how you live then. Mr flinstone
Of course Russia is going to block GPS....wouldn't we.  The war mongers at the Pentagon and NBC war cheerleaders need to reminded that escalating this will lead to a global nuke war ...idiots!
Nudge their satellite's out of orbit ..
Would Putin continue to bomb if he knew his family member's were in Ukraine ?!
is anyone else experiencing slower internet service recently?
ive been at 150 ping constantly for the last two weeks
Russia is interfering America at the Russian - Ukraine boarder!. By the way a country that is situated thousands of miles away from the boarder is NOT interfering right.
still makes me laugh space force with the star trax logo
SVJETSKI POLITIČARI ZNAJU ŠTO IM JE ČINITI. AKO SE NEMOŽE DO TUMORA, PALE SE ŽILE KOJE GA HRANE. ISTO TAKO, AKO SE NEMOŽE DO AGRESORA NA UKRAJINU, POZIVA SE NA MEĐUNARODNI SUD POTPORA KOJA UZDIŽE TE AGRESORE.
IMA LI UTJECAJNIJE POTPORE AGRESORIMA OD CRKVE U RUSIJI?!
KADA BI U JEDAN DAN SVI  SUOSJEĆAJNI VJERNICI IZAŠLI IZ TE POTPORE KRVOPROLIĆU, IZ TE CRKVE, MOGUĆE JE DA BI RAT U UKRAJINI ODMAH ZAVRŠIO, 
MOŽDA I NEBI, NO BAR TI VJERNICI NEBI IMALI UDJELA U POTPORI KRVOPROLIĆU.
PREMDA CRKVA U RUSIJI PRIMA NOVAC ZBOG KRISTA,
IPAK SLUŽI NEKOME DRUGOME,
PODUPIRE AGRESIJU NA UKRAJINU I PROLIJEVANJE KRVI MNOGIH.
THERE IS HONESTLY NO PLACE FOR ME AND MY SISTER TO JAM, WE HIT. NOW ALL THE WHILE YOU'R FAIRY DEFECT MUSIC DON'T EVEN GO PAST THE DOOR. ( OH LOOK A LABOTTOMY CHILD OH LOOK A POISONED CHILD ,YOU WOULD SAY ) I WOULD SAY TAKE IT BACK !!!
One thing leads to another and all things lead back to Nuclear attack by Russia. It's inevitable.
Romans 10.13. whoso ever shall call upon the name of the lord shall be saved. Jesus is lord.
Durr!!...How stupid can these American generals be? Do you think if you're in a war with an adversary with matching capabilities, they would allow you access? Really?
UNAUDITED MILITARY CASH AIDS WILL ENRICH YOU BUT YOU WILL BE TOTALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS CONTINUAL DESTRUCTION AND KILLING OF PRECIOUS LIVES... ZELENSKY, ACCEPT THAT YOU MADE A MISTAKE. YOU SHOULD HAVE HAD SURRENDERED AS EARLY AS DAY ONE-- WHICH COULD HAVE HAD AVOIDED ALL THESE DEATHS AND DESTRUCTION. INDEED, IT IS BETTER LATE THAN NEVER. YOU ARE THREATENING THE WHOLE WORLD OF TOTAL DESTRUCTION BECAUSE OF YOUR PRIDE AND SELF- INTERESTS. SURELY, YOU COULD NEVER EXPECT NATO TO ASSIST YOU FURTHER BECAUSE IF IT DOES, SUCH WILL TRIGGER A THERMONUCLEAR WAR THAT WILL TOTALLY DESTROY ALL CIVILIZATIONS ON EARTH!
Let's jam Russian satellites
The British Nightingale sings in a Russian cage.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhFYld9-dOs&ab_channel=GrigoriyGorin

The presence of NATO military in Ukraine. American soldiers are dying for US interests in Ukraine.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN_gVMw91bA&ab_channel=GrigoriyGorin
What’s with “DEMOCRACY NOW” being shut down.  Notice states it is “OFFENSIVE”. I watch Amy Goodwin every morning but today she’s been shut down. RUSSIA or REPUBS ⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️
The Children Sing
Tribute to Ukraine 

In Darkness there's a pain.
In silent night.
A glow of shame seeps through a candle-lite.
A troubling sense, oh of days to come.

And where would we be now
if the world lived in harmony.
The children smile and sing, 
"If the world lived in harmony
where would we be now?"

But there's a man of thirst.
He seek no drink. 
Divides the world of skin
and how they think.
A rising hate, oh and blood will flow.

And where would we be now 
if the world lived in harmony.
The children smile and sing,
"If the world lived in harmony where would we be now?"

People stand idle by.
No thoughts to share.
A burning rage growing large
everywhere.
The time is near, oh to make a peace. 

And where would we be now 
if the world lived in harmony. 
The children smile and sing,
"if the world lived in harmony where would we be now?"

🎼🎼🎼🎼🎼🎼🎼

The choice is ours to make.
Thy will be done.
To close our eyes and ignore
the righteous flight of everyone.
Soaring so high, in our lives we love.

We all need to stand 
and live our lives in peace & harmony.
The children smile and sing,
"Live in peace and harmony 
together hand-in-hand."

Peace and Harmony
We all need to stand
For Peace & Harmony.
Peace & Harmony. 

Humble Driver YouTube
Jamming gps is easy and inexpensive thing to do. Stuffing gps signal is much much more expensive to do but possible
Уважаемые люди хочу сообщить вам, я думаю многие этого не знают, что в Украине находится очень большая община евангельских христиан, от востока до запада страны. Они сейчас в постах и молитвах за Украину, как и многие христиане за рубежом. И вышло слова от Господа Всемогущего, ещё в начале войны, через пророчество: что ради  слез, ради  молитв народа который вопиет в небо, Господь укрепит руки украинской армии, руки президента и руки народа Украины, расположит многие страны чтобы помогали этой стране. обратит замыслы России в безумие, пошлет великий ужас и страх среди ее в войска, и сокрушит нечестие Кадырова, за то что он вместо того чтобы жить и созидать на данной его народу земле, делал много зла окружающим народам".
Это в кратце. Написала для того, чтобы когда наступит победа в Украине, славу не отдавали человеку, но там где она принадлежит - Господу Богу Всемогущему, который Един силен смирять ходящих гордо, и приказывать любой бури - утихни.
.. ......
.
..
Russia is sending a message to the world; we will F with you anytime we choose, and place we choose and anyway we choose. How is the world going to respond?
Ukraine is allowing NATO to test their weapons at the cost of Ukraine life. Russia needs to use nukes to finish it for all NATO fears.
Time to launch SPAAACE FORCE
Brother Boris and Master Yuri is making a sip of coffee.
Russia is well ahead of this lot🤣
Usa and Russia and similar country both become more strong. (Brother country in Geopolitics Mental)
Focus on the solution, not the problem.
I can remember using railroads, highways and water towers to determine my location when flying. Jam that.
See Russia can hit your satellites, but they are choosing the other way to avoid war
Does it take anyone by surprise ?????????!!!!!!!!
Seems like there's a good way to stop this. Drop missiles on Russian population centers. Not nukes, but high enough ordinance where some civvies might be roasted alive in the process. Call it a special GPS support operation.
And why do USA have a GPS signal in Ukraine.
So I pay a ton of taxes every year so other countries can use it but don't contribute.
Enemies trying not to help each other? In a wartime no less? What’s the world coming to? 🤦🏻‍♀️
USA can stop the war between Russia and Ukraine without sending weapons and missiles to Ukraine
So, what's the resolve??
BOMB AMERICAN SPECIAL OPS,
BRING THE KRAP HOME IN A BOX
NAZI UKRAINIANS WELCOMED
NATIVE AMERICAN BLACKS NOT
DESTROY ALL NAZI COPS
#BLACKLIVESMATTER 
NAZI UKRAINIANS WELCOMED
NATIVE AMERICAN BLACKS NOT
DESTROY ALL NAZI COPS
#BLACKLIVESMATTER
spaceforce wears camouflage at work?
Oh FFS there's gotta be a work around this surely
They almost sound butt hurt about it
Your tactics aren't working against Russia right
In the past 12 months prior to this war, I can confirm that while flying over Russian airspace, they do indeed jam GPS signals (ADS-B) of international commercial airlines.  The Chinese are also known to do this.
Let's Russia destroy everything.
There are the US "GPS" system with different codings and inserted "pseudo ramdom errors" in the civ code.
Normaly the us doesn't present the code with lower accuracy.
This is only deploid in "war" situations and during training or military manoevers f ex as the "ongoing", since three year long "drill", together with finland, sweden and some others.
If there have been a disturbance, or jamming of the carrier frequence of the gps, or impossed protocoll "changes" locally, and thats if, its as likely that this have been done by these "manoevers" and drills by that ongoing semi nato exersice, as by russians.
How can I claim this?
Russians could do this as early as in the beginning of the 1990s!
So why meadling with it now?
On the other side there are a significant part that are poorly trained and not that well "equiped", with the "transmitting" equipment, and it is out of that fact moore likely that some unexpirienced recruit have gone in and sent something in the carrier wave domain for the gps satellites, and by that, blocked out the posibility for the aeroplanes equip to "hear" the signals from the satellites.
But I am not convinced that anything realy have accured regarding civilian airtrafic.
U.S. is doing the jamming. no way they can't do, way better, than what ruski can do.
Starlink was being jammed several hrs of a day, till musk added software to by pass it, an software, to enable use from a cars cigarette lighter.
We need Mr Putin to give us his side of the war, he is nursing the baby's room. Way to go Lords of Honors!
@ 2:00 - To seized Super Yachts of the Russian oligarchs.  😘
Good... Thought they were gonna drop M&M's ?
What do you think Russia does? It jams, it lies, it massacres. We knew Ukraine was being invaded. Corrupt 'West" can't get its act together bc it's too corrupt. Putin knows that. Which retains 'power' in light of corruption or psychosis remains.
At least they have identified the problem.
I guess america is in the war. 👁👁
Back in the day you could hear Russia jamming Voice of America broadcasts on shortwave radio, but we allowed Radio Moscow to be heard.
Once again, never trust Russia,  China, NK, Iran.
American  foolishness will come back to their body slowly
JAM EM BACK YOU KNOW HOW , TURN OFF ALL THEIR INTERNET TOO WHILE YOUR AT IT, block their radar as well
Dictatorship is not leadership, it's a crime against peaceful establishment. World leaders must force Russian government to talk on diplomatic table.
Real War  NOT computer game...
Please please pleeeeease get Shatner to lead space force! Please.
listen to the screams of shanghai today
They are gonna have emp weaponry. It’s gonna be like COD then lights out. You’ve been warned. Good luck, stock up on food and water. Get to know thy neighbors
Give them Aircrafts already 🤦🏾‍♂️,NATO is Pathetic
Putin said FAfO
Russians have more mathematicians
Why not use SpaceX gps, I am sure Pentagon is using it .
Well Russia better not mess with the US satellites or they WILL be getting a strongly worded email from the Pentagon! You DON'T want that!
Time for the USA to shoot down Russia's GPS satellite.
Good job russia
There is also the European Galileo global positioning satellite-based navigation system.
I remember in 2003 when Russia gave the Iraqis anti-GPS systems to jam US smart weapons.  They got bombed by GPS guided smart bombs.
The world stands with Russia.
Wtf was that the Russian satellite weapon was firing??!! Doesn't look good.
This is not good at all
Never declare your hand
Can't we jam the  Russians?
Lucky Trump made a space force. Putins headed for the moon. Better get on it quick.
The Compound Effect”

Kamikaze effectiveness needs to be used now to target the Kremlin.

Only one thing will quickly change the makeup of this war and that is the removal of Putin. What ever it takes this must be done now. There must be the constant thought on Putin’s mind that at any moment he will be assassinated from with in or from outside his sphere.
sphere.

“Thank you to all our brave Ukrainian Warriors.”

** Kamikaze effectiveness  must start now…..today **…..
The Compound Effect”

Kamikaze effectiveness needs to be used now to target the Kremlin.

Only one thing will quickly change the makeup of this war and that is the removal of Putin. What ever it takes this must be done now. There must be the constant thought on Putin’s mind that at any moment he will be assassinated from with in or from outside his sphere.
sphere.

“Thank you to all our brave Ukrainian Warriors.”

** Kamikaze effectiveness  must start now…..today **…..
👺🤬😡⚰😶🙃🤔🙈🦧🖤
Spotted some inaccuracies in this news and that’s not good
Think that is because of russian rocket they've send up while ago......
Go, go go, Russia.
1:04 Bankers use GPS to steal money.
Russia cannot jam the small hundreds of satellites orbiting the Earth and providing communications to the Ukrainians.  They also direct the unmanned drones and targeting!  Quite amazing!  sm
Star Wars
ELIMINATE dictator Putin, this man must disappear from the face of the earth!
Jam back.
No budget increase for Pentagon.  They get too much already
No wonder a US General involved in the training the UKr forces, has been reported to have been caught by the Russians while trying to fly out of Mariopol in Ukraine.!!??
Trumps / GOP's buddy Putin....what a Genius !!!!!
Then lets give the Ukrainians some EMP bombs to use on their equipment at the border?
Judging from the amount of destroyed Russian tanks by drones,apparently putin's army is doing a lousy jamming.
GPS satellite could be next war targets
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Are the American people not informed about America's crime of brutally killing innocent people in Iran, Iraq, Syria, Vietnam and other American crimes as well as SERIOUS HUMAN RIGHTS violators and all countries in the world already know this. It is appropriate that America and its nato allies should be attacked. America is a smart country in lying, fighting, twisting facts, instigating, slaughtering humans, hobby of talking here and there, hobby of inviting other countries to colonize and attack other countries, sabotage, propaganda, evil intelligence activities for the sake of getting money, selling weapons of war , a thief (albeit indirectly), looking for a name above the suffering of others and feel no guilt at all and even distort the actual facts. Don't you dare go to war one on one, you don't have to invite allies.
Glory to Russia 🇷🇺
It's really not that impressive to take out your own satellite in space we could do the same thing, I welcome their ego. (it's more impressive when we hit targets in our atmosphere, than a satellite in orbit that encounters less resistance and virtually no drag.)
Now the rabid killer group, President Putin
Isolated and ousted from world society.

President Xi Jinping?
Are you a leader in the world?
of the permanent members of the UN.N
I'll do my duty with sincerity
Do you have it?

No, it's not.No.
I haven't shown it so far.

People all over the world are always talking about the media every day
I'm listening and watching.

There was not a single article on the message of the end of the war that the Xi Jinping administration showed.

and Putin's rabid killer group
I only hear and see messages that I support every day.

Obviously, people around the world think that China is a great power
Xi Jinping is the leader of the group.
Even elementary school students already know that.

When your grandchildren see the war,
How do you feel?

How do you respond to the children?

Now, the people of the world, China,
It's not a superpower. It's a peace-loving country
It's not a state.That's what I think.

also
North Korea's ICBM Favorite State. It's not a real power.

President Xi Jinping.
At the U.N 
As the world's leader,
Show me a clear message of cessation of war.
The slaughter of civilians makes sense to China
in a clear and determined tone
Please speak.

If you can't do that, step back.

The most important reasons for exit are three.

The UN leader is no longer.

If you don't show it, people all over the world
That's what I think.

The most important causes are three.

First, favoring North Korea's launch of ICBMs

Secondly, it's not even worth the cause 
More than 10,000 people turned a blind eye to the genocide.And
Daily advocacy.Side remarks

Third, we need to share with countries around the world 
Because of my greed to monopolize energy,

This has been a real powerhouse
I complimented myself. It's a lie.

If you do that, 
It's not a real power anymore.

the resignation of a permanent U.N
Take it seriously.


Or as a true leader that President Xi Jinping has shown all over the world,
Answer me.

Slaughter. I'm not friends with anyone who enjoys killing chemical weapons.

Are you keeping your place in the world's leadership group?

Ask and answer yourself.

Everyone who's reading this. NATO, the U.S 
The EU cannot stop either.

Who's the only one person?
Pressuring him to stop the war,
a psychological burden

And the peace that he insisted on 
Do you have one? Ask them.

One person will tell 10 people
You ask him questions, and we're going to
Until we have a clear answer
Let's ask him a question.

Ask questions once a week
Just give me five minutes.

It's not about murder, slaughter, or other countries.

Even that pain. Our daily lives
It's deep inside.

We'll save and save more
children's
The responsibility to lead a bright future
Duty. And the most important person
You have to show your love and care.

Please start now.

President Putin said, "War of Fire and Fire Weapons"
We're getting ready.

Then our sky will be filled with poison gas
at a certain moment in the wind
You get sick from a respiratory infection.

Ukraine. Russia.The wind direction of Chinese poison gas is unpredictable.
NATO and the European Union
It's close.

Now talk.
Please pass it to the person next to you.

I hope our children cherish and take care of them
The pure sky that we need to share

Children breathe clean air without pollution
I'll try to live my life feeling it.

Please start. I'll start with 10 people....
US are big cry babies, they do all the wrong stuff and cry when others use jammer. Go Russia
Ukraine needs help destroying the jammers.
Bruh !! Only China and Russia have their own GPS. Ever heard of NavIC of ISRO ?? Mann US journalism has gone in mess !! 🙄
If the Ukrainian fighter don't have GPS or have "interrupted" GPS, how can they accuse Russia of indiscriminate bombings... Shouldn't it be the other way around?
"freedom or death" do you prefer to be independent by fighting or just sitting around without fighting and letting the country continue to suffer?  You have to fight for freedom, as long as it takes and you don't mind even dying.  "your struggle for independence"
Korean Chinese Russian they are not stupid ok
Thanks sir
Central out
space force lol just a new name for a bunch of ppl that have been there already. when is the Space Force going to be able beam up to their ships and take over the romulans LOL
Wow so all the sudden Russia is doing so good.Wow amazing.I do believe so many are seeing the truth instead of lies.
Hem...what was then expected !? That the Russians would not !?
CHINA AND THE CHINESE PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD SUPPORT RUSSIA AND PUTIN IN ITS FIGHT AGAINST NATO AND USA
Russia needs to go down , china and russia conspire for world domination, Trump is their man
The U.S  should fight in ukraine now before it's too late
I absolutely hate what Russia has done....but no one can surprised by this. This is one aspect of war...the ability to take away and deny the "use" of an asset or multiple assets. The way some of these military officers are reacting with the attitude of "how dare you do that to our systems" makes me nervous...they should of thought about this potentiality. Now the big question is "how do they fix things...if they can". Hopefully, the US military can get control of the GPS system back again.
Cyberdine systems will collapse then , It will start .....The machines will take over ......A Terminator told me on October 24 1984
US Military GPS devices have been jammed by Russian forces in Ukraine 2022 (?) It's indicating that some US electromagnetic & cyber warfare equipments were classified obsolete or out of date.
USA🤣
Way out of Preportion?..
(1177) For Journalists | Political Pressure and Truth |Drifts Toward Brigantine Ship Video Possible - YouTube
"Operation to End Control Again the Enemt is What?''.

One of the First what?..
(1177) The Terminator - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tc8MdQpuxxw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFyvp9v-ivc
Why didn't Russia do this in the very beginning of the war? That makes no sense at all.
TRUMP ahead of time.
Unacceptable. Reciprocate.
American led NATO and their insane expansion toward Russian borders with troops, military bases and offensive military hardware is entirely to blame for this crisis. 
Russians were cornered and responded on the only language that selfish and dishonest west understands!
Ukraine is nothing but an instrument fooled by America to believe they would join NATO and get military support.
Now Washington is coercing the comedian not to surrender while the people who voted him to power die on the streets!
Unilateral and illegal sanctions will not deter Russia until their security objectives are met.
I am squarely with the Russians on this one.
Russia is great
We need to arm our minutemen rockets.
Well go find that jammer,  should have equipment to find those. Reverse engineering should have solved that so you can track the signal jammers put out.
America needs to stop destabilising the world — it needs to start dealing with its own issues!
Do you really need to wear military clothing to stare at a computer?....
World peace starts from free strong PALESTINE 🇵🇸.........
So what is wrong with that. don't get involved don't get hurt.
War fare country manipulates the world and thinks fu..the EU
9https://youtu.be/-c6iWR39HUU. More than a thousand Ukrainian soldiers surrendered in Mariupol. That's all Zelensky could give them. This is the collapse of the Nazi system of Ukraine
WHO IS STATE SECRETARY FOR BIDEN MONEY 2013 2017 2021 WHERE IS THIS BUDGET SOUTH CENTRAL AMERICANS...
Russia can view this as a act of war .
Gee whiz. Why would they do that in a place they are at war with?
https://youtu.be/XF6yiUgIaXY
Space force….. lmao
Daniel chapter 2
DOES THIS MEAN THAT THE USA CANNOT USE ITS GPS IN A WAR WITH RUSSIA? THE USA MILITARY IS MASSIVELY DEPENDENT ON GPS.
What transpires out that, Russia haves the capability to destroy even satellites. In their own propaganda , they are shooting their own foot.
I don't know if I do  believe the mainstream media anymore, so many lies...
LOS GENOCIDAS DE ESTADOS UNIDOS CUANDO PIENSA PAGAR POR LAS VIOLACIONES DE DERECHOS HUMANOS Y CRIMINES DE GUERRA QUE COMETIÓ EN JAPON, COREA, VIETNAM, AFGANISTAN, LIBIA, IRAK ...
LOS DELINCUENTES DE ESTADOS UNIDOS AHORA SE CREEN LOS JUEZ ...💔💔💔💔💔💔
Aren't these space cadet warriors supposed to protecting from ETs? A wonderful and innovative idea by the last great minded president 👏 ❤️
RuSSians..
What ever happenened to land nav?
Ukraine is losing my bad has lost this war
So what.. it's a war.. get over it
So Russias is not just a gas station!!, 
How we did not know of what they really are cappable?
The Pentagon may be trying to prepare the public for the worst.
The caption should add “ with the help of China”
The most tired outro in the industry.
Ukrainians need missiles that hone in on that jamming signal.
A lot of assumptions going on here.
This War Will Last Next 20th Century United States Will have Fight Russia Eventually Weather We Like it Or Not it's Coming But Putin Will Need 10 Other Countries Or More to Secretly on Joining His Russian Side to invade and Ukraine and Destroy United States and NATO
This will affect the use of Drones also,  limiting the Resistance of finding Russian tanks and convoys.
Putin is a liar likeJoe Biden. Putin and Biden are harming humans. They are there just to cause trouble, chaos, and suffering for humans, by doing wicked things, or doing nothing to stop it – even if they have the power to stop it, or to mitigate it, they don’t do it. So, they are working together. You can see that.
Why wouldn’t Russia try to jam satellites and GPS
Russia using her own GLONASS  not GPS.
Putin is Saving the World from the Nazi Evil Forces.
Seriously ? That’s a crime for imitating what Americans always do ……
The US should provide Ukraine it's own GPS satellite systems with taxpayer money for the sake of democracy.
Get Elon Musk to fix something, quickly.
'International community' = US + Canada + UK + EU + Australia + NZ + Japan + Korea. These are primarily imperialist countries with white populations. They are not the only democracies.   India+Mexico+South Africa+Brazil+Indonesia+Malaysia+Thailand+Pakistan+Nigeria+Egypt and more: all are democracies. This isn't about democracies.. This is a RACIAL war and the west cannot come to terms with another race (Chinese, Indians, Asians, Africans etc) become powerful since the white westerners believe in their white privilege. Most countries gained independence not because racism had ended but only because after the WWII the west could not afford to maintain their colonies. The ideology remains the same in the guise of NATO. One only needs to look at the past of NATO with all these men such as Hans Speidel, Adolf Heusinger, Friedrich Guggenberger, Hennig Strumpell, Franz Josef Strauss. NATO is no longer a defensive alliance but an offensive millitary alliance and its scope is not just limited to NATO member countries but has interfered in countries such as Serbia, Kosovo, Afghanistan, Libya, Bosnia and Herzegovina to name a few. Instead of being disbanded after the collapse of USSR and being integrated into UN peacekeeping, it now has ulterior racist motives. If the biolabs story is to be true, then the west might already have created pathogens to wipe out an entire race (blacks, browns, Asians) and a solution to Ukraine will just buy some time before the west makes their next misadventure to create a Christian white empire in the northern hemisphere and dominate the world and reinforce imperialism and then go after China. Non-whites in EU/NATO countries are minorities and the most downtrodden communities and they can easily be wiped out. If a genocide could take place in the last century then it is more than possible in the near future.
https://youtu.be/OxM1TplHlos
*The Russians are coming,The Russians are coming,The Russians are coming!*
What do America expect.. Russia is monitoring Nato activities and weapons in Ukraine.. Seems like Russia is ahead in the game..
we don't mount a response even to the smallest aggression from putin
even as small as signal jamming 
putin will dial up his aggression
Russia is like the US in the alternate universe
This makes wonder about friendly fire. If the so called Russian attacks were actually Ukrainian weapons that were jammed which resulted in a friendly fire.
Western media is so full of it.
THE WHOLE WORLD IS ASININE AS EFF - 45  DAYS ALMOST INTO THE WAY AND WE DO NOTHING!!! THE US IS THE WORST AS WE HAVENT EVEN EMBARKED ONE NAVAL DETACHMENT TO THE BLAKC SEE TO BLOCKADE CRIMEA !!!!!! THE UNITED STATES UNDER BIDEN IS A JOKE AND A COWARD!!!!! UKRAINIAN PEOPLE DESERVE A BETTER ALLY THANNUS OR NATO - SELFISH POLITICIANS WHO COWER UNDER TABLES CRYING.
THE WHOLE WORLD IS ASININE AS EFF - 45  DAYS ALMOST INTO THE WAY AND WE DO NOTHING!!! THE US IS THE WORST AS WE HAVENT EVEN EMBARKED ONE NAVAL DETACHMENT TO THE BLAKC SEE TO BLOCKADE CRIMEA !!!!!! THE UNITED STATES UNDER BIDEN IS A JOKE AND A COWARD!!!!! UKRAINIAN PEOPLE DESERVE A BETTER ALLY THANNUS OR NATO - SELFISH POLITICIANS WHO COWER UNDER TABLES CRYING.
Putin is like your old relative who still prints out Mapquest direction and then made a couple of wrong turns and is now lost…
🙆‍♀The aggressor war criminals are Demented Joe Biden, Boris Johnson and Macron, they have an arsenal of missiles with nuclear warhead in Belgian, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, and Turkey, pointing at every major Russian city,  now Joe Biden already put biologic weapons in Ukraine the USA pentagons have a chemical and biological weapon program for military used planted in Ukraine labs”.  On top of nuclear, Chemical and biologic weapons Biden/Boris/Macron have a trillion dollars worth of missiles and combat jets in Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland, now armadas of war carriers, destroyers are been set around the Russian oceans.  Is not President Putin of Russia putting an arsenal of nuclear, biological and Chemical weapons surrounding the Unite States or Europe, is lunatics Europeans and UK with USA democrats with a dementia president provoking, and forcing Russia to use nuclear weapons to defend the Russian people so that they can have World War III
How dare the Russians. 
Put more sanctions instead of whining.
UNITED STATES BETRAYED ARGENTINA IN THE SAME WAY IN MALVINAS ''  THOUSANDS OF ARGENTINAS DIED, BECOUSE THEY PIN POINT POCISION ON MALVINAS TO THE BRITISH
Let me know when NBC actually becomes news worthy, stops lying  and trying to make us think the way they want us to think which is not the way they think.
This is not what Bob Marley meant by singing “Jammin”
Lama lama ya tau dan bisa mendengar bahasa inggris
no military, let alone a 4 star peacock, discusses their failures in public … unless it’s a circus act …
maybe they should pay "Anonymous" to help
Russia Shot down a U.S satelite before the invasion, The U.S said it was testing missles on its own satelites. Russia did not blow up one of ours. I still think thats a lie, GPS only works thru space. The amount of space junk will lock us into this planet like a jail cell.
All Russian military should be treated as terrorists since Russia hasn't declared war on Ukraine and Russian POWs shouldn't be considered under the umbrella of the Geneva accords.
what Ukraine should do is to fire missiles non-stop to mainland Russia.
Barack Obama 2016: "Ukraine is not in the National Interest of the United States, it is however in the National Interest of Russia and if there's someone in this town that thinks differently I'd love to hear from them" . WE have no business there.
Mariupol.is gone.....way to go, President Putin...
go Russia
After 19 years since the beginning of the invasion of Iraq, has the West forgotten this war?
The Iraq war is said to have resulted in 1 million deaths the difference  is russia have weapons of mass destruction

A message to the future generations never make russia feel threatened
the difference between "looking dangerous" and "being dangerous".Russia 
describes military doctrine as defensive military doctrine. With regard 
to nuclear weapons specifically, Russia reserves the right to use 
nuclear weapons: in response to the use of nuclear and other types of 
weapons of mass destruction against it or its allies,in case of 
aggression against Russia with the use of conventional weapons when the 
very existence of the state is threatened
After 2014 government change in Ukraine by USA, they sold Ukraine to Rothschild and Comp. and started HOMOSEXUAL PARADES, AND NOW THEY BROUGHT UKRAINE TO THE STATE OF SODOM AND GOMORRAH!!!! PUTIN = TRUMP = AN ANGEL OF GOD!!!!yes
Counter jam the jammers .
Am so excited for the help dr osaba rendered to me I was once diagnosed with herpes virus after using dr osaba herbal medicine for 14days I was cured
And besides...render their GNSS useless too. Jam them into oblivion
Well, then send them "Special De-jamming Devices", namely HARM-88 or Lowflying Tomahawks
Nato get jets in the air and start bombing every thing that Russia has
NATO let’s go it’s time to get in the air and fight back
Poor you!
U just have to ask yourself what happened to the intelligence of America pitiful
More B.S
The west now has the saying that we will defend freedom to the last Ukrainian. You say that God Bless America! well he might because no one else will. Defenders of freedom, now that is the biggest joke of the century as you a@#holes can't even defend your constitution against Biden, your so called SH!T for brains gutless president. Right now Russia and China are the worlds enemy but the biggest enemy you in America have is Biden and friends.
We're jammin ' !  We're jammin' !   We're jammin ' !  We're jammin' !  OOooooo !   I like jammin'  toooo !
our fighter airpower would stop putin in a big way
You can bet that the tactical datalink systems that are used by US and UK forces, which don't depend on GPS because it's assumed it won't be available, are not being given to Ukraine. 
Having said that, it's a land based war, so geolocation shouldn't be a big problem.
If and when things spread into ww3 all the gps equipments use by the west and nato won’t be so effective against Russia and China these countries have weapons in space waiting to be use for years but you guys don’t pay attention nasa knew all along what is at stake
No surprise there.
If US are sending lethal aid to Ukranian forces, the first thing a capable military force would do is deny them communications ability.
Send weapons stop from England
Help them then quickly
Wow, they been doing that on the ground blocking 7s out and siphoning my family's cash before turning the hov on my kids....
Sure they are....
careful what you are cheering for ... https://youtu.be/ICkcyt87Lw0
Fuckthe neo nazis
Makes me sick the west is supporting neo nazis
Salute  to Russia 🇷🇺  to jam the Ukrainian and 🇺🇸 usa satellite system.A slam to the western imperialists countries. A WORD TO THE WISE. Thks.
Good thing we have a mummy in charge
The best generals of the USA showed how they operate in Afghanistan 2022. I bet they will help  fix the gender problem of UKraine. hahahah!!!
ww3 lets go!!
Time to shoot down some Russian and Chinese satellites.
🤣🤣🤣
Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.
How will online shopping ever be secure if signals can be jammed? I wouldn't want to be paying for goods that may never arrive. 😅
We AS AMERICANS NEED TO HELP THE UKRANE PEOPLE AND THIER PRESIDENT!!!!!! I KNOW WE CAN HELP THEM IN MANY WAYS IF WE DONT THE BLOOD OF MANY INCLUDING CHILDREN WILL BE ON OUR HANDS!!!!!!! WE MUST HELP THESE PEOPLE BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!!!! WE MUST DO AS GOD ALMIGHTY WOULD EXPECT US TO DO!!!! I KNOW WE ARE HELPING THEM WITH SOME THINGS BUT RUSSIA WILL IN THE END WILL CRUSH UKRAINE!!! USE OUR MILITARY AND PLANES!!!! We ARE DEALING WITH SAVAGE INSANE MAN!!!!  I SURE HOPE YOU GENERALS DONT THINK PUTIN WILL STOP WITH UKRANE??!!! WITH A MAN LIKE THAT IT WILL ONLY INSIGHT HIM TO TO GO AFTER ANOTHER COUNTRY!!! THIS MAN KNOWS ONE THING AND THAT IS POWER AND MONEY AND MIND SET WILL ALWAYS BE MORE NORE AND MORE!!! HIS VOCABULARY DOES NOT CONTAIN THE WORD ""ENOUGH OR STOP""!!!!!!! WHEN WILL HE TURN TOWARDS ISREAL AND THE USA!!!! PUTIN IS OUT OF CONTROL THAT MEANS SOMEBODY MUST HELP UKRAIN AND THE USA HAS THE POWERTHE GENERALS AND BEST WEAPONS TO SAY ""PUTIN YOU ARE DONE KILLING AND DOING HORRENDOUS ATROSITIES TO BEYOUND BELIEF AND YOU ARE FINISHED WITH INHUMAIN   AND EVIL ACTIONS!!!!!   WE ARE STILL THE USA AND WE HAVE A DUTY TO PROTECT THOSE WHO CANT GO AGAINST RUSSIA ON THEIR OWN !!!!  AMEN AND AMEN      JUST MOM
Has NPC News even explained to their libsheeples why U.S. involved in Ukraine?
Zelensky, Hunter Biden and Nato must explane everything about the Azovstal industrial complex and bio labs, 30m below Azovstal and 24 km  long tunnel are bunkers with biological weapons labs funded by Hanter Biden, Zelensky and Ukrainian oligarch Akhmatov. Nato officers from Canada, America, Italy, Sweden, Greece, Poland and 300 French intelligence officers who were supposed to pull out Nato officers were captured in the tunnel. There are also employees of the bio labs and their guards about 3000. The citizens of Mariupol were Guinea pigs and used for the experiments of Nato Nazis and Zelensky and Hunter. That is why Zelensky expects from Nato and Emanuel Macron to open corridors so that the monsters can escape from Mariupol.. Stop Nato Nazism in Ukraine
Russia should shoot down GPS satellites.
russia is the most powerful mafia in the world. "funny" how this is allowed to be our reality.
And we can't jam them? If Russia can block social media etc., in their country why can't other "boffins" block Russia's t.v. stations or even Insert "breaking news" into their broadcasts?
Star of Bethlehem 2 is 7 years away. See my videos.
Command center in colorado nice goin reporter 🤨🤨
The call for a nuclear confrontation is louder as days, months or years goes by. As tensions rise, people can see that the end is coming nearly.
NATO knows all too well the consequences they would face if they entered this war,apart from nukes russia can cripple nato is so many ways,without gps and satellites usa is f*****d up
Time for US EA-6B prowlers to do a bit of jamming of Russians system themselves in the Black Sea area. Is it so hard for Ukraine forces to use Glonass as well if Russians can use GPS. Also how are the commercial drones which use GPS used to spy on the Russians able to function without GPS.
Come on guys, hit them back with countermeasures, anti-jammers. I would set them up before hand for preventative  measures. Why?  For moments like this.
I guess, Russia will prevail and kick of the US controlled Asow-Nazis.
Well, jam them right back!! Where are the techies and hackers, when we need em?? Let em loose! Unleash the dragons! 😎
Good for Russia!!
The gps satellites cannot be targeted from earth since those are in geostationary orbit
so if they do this will they finally blow these ******* out of existence
https://youtu.be/QH6B4P2Qyc4.
This demented so-called president is trying to start WWIII to blame President Trump.
not nukes he used hypersonic weapons
World war 3 is gonna start the new year 😮
They are not long-range. They are short range. Again, disingenuous, lying media, fkn click bait.
Brainless news outlets prop up Russian propaganda.  ATACMS is a 300KM max range artillery type piece of weaponry where Russia responded with an RS-24 Yars ICBM that has a range of about 12,000KM.  Does this sound like something that is equivalent to you brainless reporters?  Most of the 60 or so ATACMS Ukraine has are equipped with cluster type bombs for taking out troop deployments/concentrations.  This is not an escalation but falling for the Russian propaganda is what US news media is great at.
Idiots are going to get us all killed
Stupid people involved in a stupid war we started, we are the warmongers of the world
We need to remember ww3 will be fought with drones and huge bombs but ww4 will be fought with sticks and stones
YouTube needs to cancel these Russian bots
Looks like Trump is going to have to reinstate the draft.
And MSM cheers this escalation.
And no mention that the U.S. always had first strike in their doctrine? No mention that it was the U.S. that dropped out of the INF Treaty? No mention that Ukraine doesn't have the ability to aim andmfire these missiles? (guess who does).
But blame Russia for updating it's doctrine when the Americans and NATO attack.
Trump must warn zelensky  now  : " Hey zelensky  when ill become president    i wont support u anymore so  dont provoke  Russia  "
What total and utter BS. There are no NK troops anywhere near Kursk and the ATACMS have done no damage to speak of. All the US is really doing is proving how good Russian tech is by comparison. People need to wake up. If NATO et al got into a war with Russia, it would lose.
😢مردم امریکا !!!؟؟؟ واقعا فکر میکنید دولت شما توسط جو بایدن یا ترامپ اداره میشود ؟؟؟؟؟!!!!!!!
😢مردم امریکا !!!؟؟؟ واقعا فکر میکنید دولت شما توسط جو بایدن یا ترامپ اداره میشود ؟؟؟؟؟!!!!!!!
Biden digs holes for Trump
Enough lies!
Putin you can continue lowering the nuclear threshold nobody fears death. We are actually missing heaven.

The boomers like you have made life very difficult globally both those in the governments globally and property owners globally. Millennials and gen Zs are working big jobs and can't afford home ownership. Yet you boomers owned many things working as cleaners with low salaries.

GenZs and millennials are working big jobs, running online side hustles and not enough rest also no kids or marriage yet they can't afford anything?!
Disgusting
NUCLEAR THREATS OF RUSSIA IS A BLUFF. THEY CANT AFFORD TO GO TO WAR. THAT'S A FACT. 
THE WORLD'S A STAGE
How does Joe and Lloyd think Putin will respond to this escalation? Duh!
And we are all fuc**d thanks to USA it's not Russian war lol 😆  and zelensky is the best payed actor in 2024 farewell to evryone 🫡 prepare for  fallout baby
Biden trying to escalate the situation before Trump has a chance to start discussing peace!!!! The Warmongers are at it again!!!!
Salute Russian 🦁 Vladimir Putin Sir ❤❤
어제 5발쐈고 4발은 완전요격. 1발은 돌입단계에서 요격해서 일부시설 피해있었지만 사상자0명임
지금 미국 딥스는 정권교체하면 좆돼는 상황이라 러시아에게 먼저 핵쏴달라고 빌고있는거임

미국이 북한군 핑계로 쿠르스크 80킬로에 대한 본토공격을 허가했는데
딱 80킬로 지점에 핵발전소가있는거만봐도 딥스의 의도는 매우 명확함
러시아도 당연히 그걸알고있기때문에 기본적인 보복대응도 안하고있는거임

진짜 문제는 작년에 리비아에서 없어진 핵물질임
미군 기지 바로 옆에서 탈취당했고 IAEA가 이악물고 모른척한거보면 범인도 뻔하고 어디로 갔을지도 뻔함
그뒤로 젤렌스키는 나토가 삐딱하게 나올때마다 핵 블러핑 하기 시작했음.
아마 더티밤수준의 카드는 이미 가지고있는걸로 봐야함

우리가 진짜 걱정해야할건
지금 미국의 핵도발에 러시아가 넘어오지 않으때 터질 젤렌스키의 폴스플레그 핵임
It's getting closer... Be prepared !
Big mistake
I feel like all this is BS there are no videos where these missiles landed
One of those missles land in russia with USA on it  its an act of war. Biden will get us all killed
What a fear, Rusia have the atomic bomb more big and powerful in all the world 😢
RIP Joe Biden, democratic party
U.S should stay out of this. When the U.S and NATO invaded Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya. Russia or China didn't supply them with ballistic missiles. If they did the U.S would have complained like a baby. Direct involvement of the U.S will only extend the war and loss of Ukrainian lives
Dems are so CRAZY about losing they don’t care if we get involved and/or attacked! They will sit back and blame the Republicans while they have escalated war!
They just trying to mess things up for trump make it hard for him to end the war and achieve peace the timing of it says everything
Trump will use his words and end hunger, war, and all bad stuff on day one LOL!!!
😂 Looks like the HAWK-TUEing is in full session hahahahHa
Both my comments deleted quickly. Guess whoever is monitoring wants Putin and Kim both HAWK TUE-ing on their tickly bits
Storm Shadow 500 km
The comments in here must be from a bunch of hate filled liberals with an agenda why they want 1 million dead Russians and Ukrainians
Relax people nuclear bombs don't exist. It's just another way for governments to instill fear in the people. Nukes are fake
It is not a long range.
Pure idiocy to escalate this. Nobody needs this. Biden and his team are hurting the world. I cannot wait to have a Canadian election and get a leader that can work with Trump. Putin warned not ro do this  aputin has alwaya been willing to compromise, Putin TOLD EVERYONE that the US went back on their agreements years ago. Stop watching bias garbage ans start LEARNING.
There are two options war or compromise.
Funny how they say ukraine fired it 
When the us provided the bombs and told ukraine to strike 😂😂

Usa cooking an international war to get out of debt completely mental
Democrats first move to make Trump miserable! Good tactic though.. 😅
Joe.... man... what are you doin?
Iodine pills for Christmas
This is how low the Democrats are. They are going to destroy our country!!
WHY IS NATO ON RUSSIAN BORDERS AFTER 70 YEARS
NATO EXPANSIONISM CAUSED THE CONFLICT
Get the illegal Russian immigrants out of Ukraine...
And just like that Biden signed us up for WWIII, now hes officially surpassed Carter as the worst president ever.
Can Atacms be fired horizontally   with low level terrain folowing radar
Biden is a gangster for starting ww3 before leaving office
Biden and the Dems showing how much they hate the world. Fascist pigs
Gta 6 should come before nuke
That’s why they couldn’t win reelection the American people rejected them
Zelensky will jump out of the empire-state bldg if Biden told him to
You just keep on going America and find out
Only Trump can make things right
should have been allowed from day 1 since it is war.
Russia is  not our friend. Russia is involved in cyber attacks against america. Russia is hacking into our infrastructure, our institutions, snd our banking System.
World war three started with north korea's involvement in this war
Kids, don't forget to register at the post office! #SelectiveService #WW3 
It's almost like they're trying to sabotage something and someone.
eighty one million people made this possible. they voted with their rear end brains.
Please be cautious to not escalate
Who is the world's most famous Comedian in the Ukraine?😂😂😂😂
❤❤❤❤
Oh good, one european leader calls it rhetoric.  The world is relieved now .
BiDumb, *CONonMAN* ‼️😵
Tssss.... ya know this world isn't powered by <(love >(worth). A clue would be that the smart preditoriz the c's d's and f's.. lol E and S.. g heh. N e way.. so there. The smart are being a holes. Wowmom weme
FYI.... The planet is already ruined forever. Nuclear war scares no one. 🤫👍
If a nuke goes off less than 48 hours ... Just know ww3 just started.....
Democrats ruin everything.
We didn't even attack inside Russia during the Afghan proxy war.
If I'm deployed in ukraine, I know exactly who my enemy is.
zelenshiy is playing with fire
Why did they blur the Russian nuke?
What about Russia escalating, bringing in North Korean troops? There's no reason nato shouldn't do the same
Let Ukraine fight their fight we need to stop sponsoring this nonsense
If only we had a president elect who wouldn’t give into Putin’s flattery. SMH
NBC only mentioned "The White House" not Bidens administration.
Biden should be REMOVED FROM OFFICE 
TRUMP BACK NOW
Wonderful Biden. 
Starting WWIII before leaving. 🤬🤮
How did Democrats become so bloodthirsty?
Dear MSNBC, I believe the accurate title for this video should be: Biden authorizes use of US controlled long range missile to be used by Ukraine against Russia, further escalating the chances of global nuclear war
Looks like the establishment trying to start World War III before Trump gets in office
21 For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.

22 And except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved: but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened.
Alright theyre sabotaging Trump's peace efforts. Democrats cant play the COVID card no more. Theyre using the WW3 card to maintain control of the American People
Now Russia will use low yield Tactical Nuclear Weapons in Ukraine!
Oh, awesome. 🤙🏻 And here, I thought we wouldn't get to see the Biden administration facilitate world war 3...🤦🏻‍♂️
Israel does the same thing with Palestine. Why ya'll trippin now??
I doubt a single American supports this and wants taxes paying for this
Fallout and mad max coming to life.
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH NOW. BIDEN NEEDS TO BE PUT IN PRISON. THIS DECISION WAS RECKLESS AND EXTREMELY DANGEROUS. MILLIONS OF PEOPLE ARE LOSING THEIR LIVES FROM THESE WARS. IF BIDEN AND OBAMA MADE THIS DECISION TO SET UP SOMETHING BAD FOR TRUMP YOUR TALKING ABOUT SOME REAL EVIL PEOPLE.
Idiots
NBC trying to stir it up. Putin will wait for the adults to step into the Whitehouse before major decisions.
"anxious hours after Ukraine American made long range missiles at a nuclear armed Russia for the first time..."
  - Ukraine using American made missiles to defend themselves from a much bigger and stronger invading military force = NUCLEAR ARMAGEDDON
  - Russia uses weapons, equipment and North Korean soldiers, boots on the ground and fighting against Ukraine = 'crickets' 
  - So Russia can do anything they want and nobody has the right to defend themselves and fight back because Russia is nuclear armed?
 - Ukraine used the America made missiles FOR THE FIRST TIME...how long has Russia been invading Ukraine yet this is the first time Ukraine has used those missiles....


Russia just conducted a massive air strike in Ukraine. Russia directly targeted critical infrastructure, power plants and knocking out PowerGrid's etc etc THEN Ukraine asked for use of the missiles...
Good Job Sleepy Joe Biden
Finally! So glad Biden approved this, but should have been 3 years ago.
Joey loves you
Biden trying to start WW3  .
🤯 Biden looking to start WW3.
you cant unscrew tgis mess anymore
Please be cautious to not escalate
this is how you stop a war and theres no possible way thats why pack ur things up and hide
The two countries slovakia and hungary are owned by russia in the same way as is belarus
Russia fueled the fire when it brought north korea in.
World war three started with north korea involvement in this war.
Russia is not our friend. Russia is involved in cyber attacks against america  Russia is hacking into our infrastructure,  our institutions, and our banking system. Russia is involved in a shadow war against america and most americans have no idea. Wake up america!
War pigs are squealing loud!
IF President Biden could not run for president again because his closest associates concluded that he was incompetent, he cannot function anymore! HOW is it that he can make a DECISION that is literally a threat to peace for the whole world? Kamala was supposed to be president until January as his deputy! I didn't vote for Trump, but that has nothing to do with this dangerous situation for the world! A senile old man put us one step away from cataclysm! Is it possible that the Democratic advisers and associates, including Kamala, did not stop him?
Nothing to see here just the media being drama queens as usual. Putin been threating to us nukes for two years now. China and Indian have already told Russia they will not condone the use of nukes. This is just more fake new.
Man, hope WW3 doesn't start before January
Democrats want us all to perish                    yeahhh   pretty sure
Stop biden 🛑 ✋🏻
Russia will now remove the clown zylensky from his US teat.
Putin obviously wanted this, or he wouldn't have increased military operations and added North Korean inside Ukraine the last week or so.
Biden is Retiring..
Making Life Tough For “ Trump “
...and you were afraid of Trump
Come on, Stop telling where and what they can Strike.......That's the Problem.    Give them everything and Let them Use it without saying anything to them.
Zelensky should be in prison.
Why blame Americans?  Americans may have built the “gun”, but they didn’t pull the trigger or push the button.

The way I look at it… Blaming Americans would be like a criminal suing Smith and Wesson because somebody used one of their guns defending themselves against a home invasion… and that don’t seem right.
Why would ukraine need atacms? I thought they were winning?
It's almost like they're trying to sabotage something and someone.
Putin id not at the meeting becau5hes wanted for war crimes😂😂😂😂. Now russia is being arttacked
Congrats, liberals!! Your boy Biden's gonna start WWIII after all!!!!
DEMOCRATS STARTED THIS BY HANDING OUT TAXPAYERS MONEY 💰 LIKE CANDY 🍬 🍭
Well you understand why dont you      because the Left   Deep State   cant allow Trump to get into office        so they have decided to wreck it all and end the world                                          

they frankly dont care about everybody perishing
Current administration just couldn't resist.  60 some days before they are gone and the possibility of the situation deescalating and the war hopefully ending, they "allow" the use of these particular missiles. Wonder if we will see the use of nukes for the first time since WW2. 
The guy that gets lost during the G20 photo session and is not competent to stand trial gets to authorize the use of nastier weapons pushing us closer towards WW3 and is still in control of the football.  Good job!
This is why the Biden administration pumped billions and billions of dollars into Ukraine with our military technology and we paid for it so we armed this country. They call friends we know how that turns out by past practices.
This isn't what the American people want. The left is driving so hard for ww3 it's insane.
FINALLY ! THE PRECIPICE IS NEAR
This is very very dangerous         i want to keep living               understand                   i dont want to perish
Biden administration taking the safety off the trigger and playing with it

several senators are voicing they're alarm and demanding Biden be removed from office
The world is being put in jeopardy because of a demented American president Joe Biden…! It is unbelievable to me that he has not been taken out of the White House. .!
Biden will blow us up before President Trump can save many!!
I do not consent to the use of my taxes in this manner.
Saturday Russia fired long range Missions into Urkriane ,what is they supposed to do sit n keep getting hit? Putin said he will never trust Urkraine ,so peace is not on the table unless he gets what he wants.
Slava Ukraine! 🇺🇦
Deep State trying to start WW3...........
This is a big mistake…..! You don’t mess with the number one nuclear adversaries in the world….!
BIDENS ADMINISTRATION ARE CRIMINAL!!!! WE AMERICANS DO NOT WANT ESCALATING THE WAT!!!!!
Remember how it didnt work out for Hitler or Napolean remember those guys  yeah think about that America they took on Russia and lost horribly.
I don’t understand it!  Why would we okay this?  It’s like we want WW3. This is unbelievable !!
No No No No!
BIDEN IS STUPID   USA just attacked Russia when you boil it all down.
Who voted for this dunce
Guess what you idiots!!!!
Better pray the Russians have alot of restraint or kiss our lives goodbye
Fake news. Ukraine doesn’t know how to use these. The US fired missiles into Russia. Report correctly
Biden. Bouta send us off to war smh
Ready to get Trump back in the White House! Get the nut jobs out!!
They mean to say U.S. attacked Russia but can't tell the truth! LOL
RUSSIA ATTACK WAR III: ??
I stare at the dust as it tries not to fall
Swirling in the sun streams from the windows on the wall.
Down in the valley ring lonely church bells
Sounding their message as the Devil’s brood swells.

The missiles are coming though I can’t tell you when
As they drop down upon us our lifestyles shall end.
You can hide underground or fly far away 
Their lingering fallout will find you someday.

No more small children shall toddle off to schools
Because of mistakes of grownup mad fools.
Believing in space men and the ships, which they fly
You can bet as it happens, they’ll watch it and cry.

The generals are playing a death game of dare
With missiles in the silos and bombs in the air.
There’ll be time for anger, there’ll be time for greed
But the time shall be lost for planting the seed.

By Tom Zart
Biden will not be up staged 😂.  It’s war! 😂😂😂
The level of stupid in these comments....
I am surprised Lavrov has such a strong accent
Biden escalates the war in Ukraine after we the people clearly voted for de-escalation of this war and the end to all funding and weapons shipments!
Way to go Biden!
I knew they would do something to stop Trump              well here it is

yeah thats some peaceful transition of power        mmm hmmm
more money and weapons instead of peace. jfc.
Biden is trying to provoke Russia into war because he doesn’t want trump to become president!
Russia is absolutely clueless. It's them against the rest of the world...
Seriously, 700,000 lost "soldiers." The country is broke and he can only get ammo from North Korea...!
We really gonna start a nuclear war because you dont want trump in office?
Biden and his warmonger friends.
Biden starting ww3 as a going away gift for Trump
They want to keep poking Russia in hopes that they can get a real war started and make stacks. Military industrial complex at its finest.
Are they insane they are attacking Russia          Hey Nato and America have you lost your minds this is suicidal
This is sad ,we are closer to a world war than ever, how could and why would Biden do this so close to his end? Complete insanity…..
Looks like some type of chemical or nuclear war will break out before Trump gets in.
Dislike
we need to really rethink our democracy. Biden is senile. he hasn't been himself for a long time. we know he isn't making these decisions. who is the unelected military official that is making decisions for Biden and risking global catastrophe. something is seriously wrong with the US government. its obviously been taken over. we the people do not approve of this brinkmanship Biden is playing with a nuclear armed Russia
Say Hello to Putin regime...
So wrong!
Escalation? Russia started that 2-3 years ago😂
Biden just has to get out now. Let trump In now. Get bidens whole jewish administration out now.
Triggered MAGAts incoming!!!
He talks of escalation, then throws out a nuclear threat. Talk about being a hypocrite 😅
We need trump to end these war
president trump needs to call zelenskky and tell that guy to knock it off and no more
zelenskyy and his buddy joe biden just caused the USA a lot of problems we are headed to ww3 because of zelenskyy and his buddy joe biden
My United States leader with Dementia making decisions for 360 million people
JAKE WILL HANDLE RUSSIA
gears of war LOL
Love how conservatives roll over and show belly after every threat from Putin. Puts in my head the image of a MAGAt in Taco Bell with a rifle. Total cowards.
Biden did this on purpose.
Ww3.soon 😢
Vladimir Putin starts mass production of radiation proof nuclear bunkers. Crooked Joe really did it this time!
If russia can use long range.ukraine can only fair....
Biden is going to start World War Three.
Propaganda network
Warmongers
I’m Martha A , the winner of the lottery winner of $273m in US. I'm helping those who are needs with this money givers never lack❤️❤️❤️.kindly send a DM through the text
Ukraine has the right to defend itself
All today fired Atacms were shot down and we wonder whether ukraine will be able to defend itself from the incoming Russian retalliation on their provocation.
Putin will make empty threats and do nothing as usual.
Fund Ukraine Republicans fault
Old.
humans.
Bullies of the world 😂
And THIS is exactly why NATO exists, and now Putin is expanding it at a rate faster than ever before in history. Great job Putin 🤣
President Trump's victory changes the game 🇺🇸🌞 Until January 2025, the deep state via the servile Biden-Obama administration will try to sabotage Trump 🤷🏻‍♂️ The great sovereign Head of State Putin will not fall for the nuclear escalation trap 😉
The current U.S. presidential administration has played a large part in driving us to this brink.
Lmao yeah ok.... he's bluffing
You can't trust rusia. They always lie. Look at the way he started the war. He said that the army on the border of Ukraine is for training then he actually attacked.
This guy is not a bluff 
He souds serious bussiness
You cant even fight Ukraine on your own, and now this same ol same song and dance. Such a little man in more ways than one.
do you think America is going to set back watch you destroy America ,  I guarantee you will never know what happen
Putin states to the world, 'Please stop making me look weak. I know I said I would finish this war in just 2 weeks, now it 1000 days. I know the world saw my country as being the 2nd largest army in the world and that has been proven false. My army have lost the will to fight and I have to resort to using N. Korea's to fight for Russia, when my own country men will not fight for me (Putin), I used to have a substantial stockpile of conventional weapons, but now we have greatly depleted those reserves. All I have left are ICBM which cost too much to use and very hard to replace. please take pity on me, this poor frail old man we call Putin.'
Russia is embarrassingly weak.
Arrest starmer and biden...
Very scary indeed.
Paris 🚀💥Marseille 🚀💥Lyon. 🚀💥Toulouse 🚀💥Nice 🚀💥Nantes 🚀💥Montpellier 🚀💥Strasbourg🚀💥
Ukraine is like a 5 yr old child asking his father to give him a stick so he can fight mma fighter.
Mma fighter is acting his best to show he is fighting the kid when he can axtually end it in seconds.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
What an... OXYMORON...
Elensky wanted missiles to do the talking.
It shouldn’t be a threat, it should be a promise, the western crazies don’t take any notice of threats as their brains are lacking in rational thought.
Keep pushing them Frenchy...the Russian is slow to saddle up for a fight, but when his saddle is finally on God help you, he is not hesitating, the Russian is a terminator once you started the count down.
None of the Western officials take Putin seriously. He did not dare to supply Syria with the S-300 because America warned him. How would he dare attack a Western country?
Putin the biggest taker of life’s in the 21st century, the majority being his own Russian people.
Not another final warning, little old Putin is becoming a joke of a man.
Putin is barking like a dog in a trap
Long life Vladimir Putin ❤😊
Can you blame him? No, but you can blame Joe Biden.
You should understand the simplicity of truth behind this!!!
It’s not about Russia security it’s about Ukraine choice to become a European nation because it’s on European territory and it’s geographical location and natural resources that putin after!!
Ukraine should become as sovereign nation based on international law and if international community have to step in that they must to prevail further illegal invasion in the world because of natural resources!!!
I know those Ukraine natural resources will have big impact on European economic development!!!
Do you??? Than you must act and bring justice to the region. Restore Ukraine sovereignty and create strong economy based on new technology and natural resources of Ukraine!  
Chop chop no time for bs!!!!
I don’t think it’s ICBM
Warning for Ukrainians: 5 min!!!!!!!!!
I love the names of russian weaponry. Haselnut tree.
West keeps making Russia better and better of developing new missiles
He also stated very clearly that Moscow 
is open to Dialogue and Diplomacy
Harsh words, from our ‘Smeagol’.
It's not ICBM and wasn't even armed. Just fuel and kinetic energy. The problem is if those missiles get conventional warheads not nuclear can evaporise cca 4 square kilometers and severely destroy anouther 9.
Bloke adds north Korean troops to the mix then plays victim when missiles hit ruzzia. 😂😂😂
He looks very bad, like sick.
Thanks, Obama.
Bluffer
Russian bots awaken and assemble you 🤡s.
Is anyone else well over this sick mans threats.
Russia is a terrorist state nothing more nothing less.
Russia should be existed as opposition US to keep power balance in the global politics.
Putin is a criminal
Poooooooh tin acts as if he’s the only one with nukes 

Have at it fella, see how it turn out for you
Funny grandpa
New "Orealshit" mid range ICBM missiles, its lightning fast to cure your constipation
Every week a new nuclear threat... what a psycho spoiled little kid!!!!
It's slowly getting boring.
Putin's threads are a fart in the wind 😂😂😂 
He doesn't even afford an HAMBURGER...😂😂
The patriot system: when did that happen? Why did nobody tell me?
Us is only prepared for a norther route attack. That is not what a Satan II can deliver to the warmongers at the white house
There will be Christmas lights over London or Paris if we don’t start backing off.
Non stop threats for the rest of our lives it would appear.  Settle in make popcorn and watch the freak show.  I do.
the new missles are so fast, putin has to warn you in advance before he sends them your way. that's how scary it is. 😮
These threats show just how weak Russia is. Two week special operation not so special now.
I wonder why citizens will believe this US useless administration. Bunch of liars US was NEVER notified of anything. Until Putin spoke all of you including the US were just speculating. deceiving your people and concentrate on fighting the drug use that has engulf the country. Americans will never forgive this Biden and tiger face Harris for the deceptive governance.Europe you better wake up. Don't trust these lunatics. Why did they closed down their embassy in Kyiev. You think they care? Be delusional and see.
Praying for PEACE - we must find a better way!!!
Putin🔥
in Earth , thee is Ozone hole .
in European Union, there is Germany hole .
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
You have a sitting U.S president who couldn’t run again due to failing cognitive ability using his last 2 months in office to try and start World War 3. Who else is comforted by this scenario?
Putin ,,,a barbarric bully that will pay...no perood
Why is west firing weapons there
Should get it before NATO and EU, want Bulgaria Romania as well
Please forgive them, they do not know, what they are doing
Russia has the right to defend itself
those weak ruzzian missile are inferior.
Zelensky wants to draw NATO and US fully into this war and the Russia falls into his trap. In addition, Biden wants to preempt any achievement of peace by Trump. All these factors have contributed to this new cycle of war escalation.
The good thing about these missiles is you dont feel the pain 
Moreover ukraine gets them for free
The Patriot missile wondered,what was that?
Bla bla bla...
Putin is playing a dangerous game with every escalation and threat to any NATO  country. Don't be fooled by the large Russian psychological operation in social media and comments to destroy western support for Ukraine either. Russians go home.
Putin never threat! He precautions and then act! And Putin's answer will be violent  and  fast! Be ready!
The west could easily wipe this criminal and his pathetic army out in a matter of days if they chose to, yet they never make threats the way he does on a daily basis. Interesting.
As Obama put it, Russia has escalatory dominance. Stop fighting, start negotiating! The longer the West delays it the more embarassing it will be!
He can't even manufacture enough regular missiles and has to beg from Iran and NK. So what this is a new missile. It's not like it's the first hypersonic he used in Ukraine. Nothing has change. A Russia that is flailing at Ukraine is in no position to fight with NATO. One wrong move both he and Russia will be history
Isn’t US using Palestina as a testing ground too?
Russia would not have stationed such weapons in Kaliningrad.  I mean in the very heart of Europe since it can hit any part of Europe in less than 2 or 3 minutes.  Russia would not do that to friendly European states, or maybe?
Warning to western allies citizens, not Ukrainians only.
MAGA cowards chickening out, wanting to kowtow before the Ruskie tyrant and lick his boots.   No wonder they voted for that Putin´s puppet, that tRump.
The world needs to get on with dealing with Putin before old bone spurs takes office.
Good bye russia you wont be missed.
Russia can’t beat the Ukraine, Putin military is in disarray, anyone with half a brain would omit defeat, but Putin believes he can bluff again and nuking the world is a lose/lose scenario, Putin needs to see sense and step down.
That Advanced weapon originally from US was copied by china and delivered to Russia.
Threats are now so tiring to hear.
Ends up eating butterfingers in someones doormat bunker
Cute
The United Nations Charter sets out the fundamental principles of modern public international law, notably: Promotion of human rights; The strict limitation on the right to use force against other states;  The strict prohibition on the acquisition of territory by force.
Putler's becoming very boring
Putin is insane.  Russians, you know what to do.
Elon musks rockets are better
Putler trying to play the Big man now. Wait for the response.
Start digging mf. 🤬
Bring it on ! Trump wont save you !
We all warned but Sweden Goverment insist on nuke in Stockholm.I strongly condemn but we all saw when nuke happens no responce from USA will happen so fear grows.Hopping Sweden Goverment will resign.
Thanks to biden and zelensky who puts the whole world at risk
I love it when Putin talks dirty ❤
The United States is now the underdog .
It was not the United States or Great Britain that allowed ukrainians American or British missiles to strike at Russian territory, it was the United States and Great Britain that struck their missiles at Russian territory, Ukrainians do not have the necessary competencies for this.
Acquised for using Ukraine as testing ground)) 
What a joke 🤣
Putin talks like a goldfish
The desperate move😂
Putin "You fire missile at Russia, Russia will Nuke ya!" 
Nato, please handle Russia and stop crazy Putin!
That was a Crystal clear message from Mr Putin ❤
That was a Crystal clear message from Mr Putin ❤
Regrettably, the clown believes himself to be a powerful king with nuclear capabilities. He is deeply distressed due to the dwindling number of his soldiers. Consequently, he sought the assistance of North Korea to send troops to Russia. By ceasing the senseless war and ordering his limited forces to return to Russian territory, he could potentially end this conflict. SLAVA Ukraine 🇺🇦 🇺🇸
☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️
You shouldn't have teased the Russian bear.
Why is he worried - is he controlling the Mexican cartels?
Putin go
This missile is a response to NATO strikes on Russian territory (this time the missile was without live ammunition). Putin said that he does not want war, is ready for negotiations, but if opponents want to fight, we are ready for war. I wonder if opponents are ready for war with Russia? By the way, this weapon has no analogues in the world and is not capable of shooting down any existing air defense.
Somebody give Putin a pacifier
Well done, Russia. Stop the bullying from NATO.
Putin started this war, do you just let anyone take over your house, no you don’t, then STOP Putin from taking over your country.
Russia, stay in Russia.
There is no one who didn't see this coming. Any country with ICBMs can swap payloads. Russia keeps saying that none should have the ability to strike Russia from a distance near or far yet Russia has the ability to strike both near and far. Putin never sits within arms reach of any subordinates since he knows there are many close to him that would take him out if given the chance. He'll go when someone eventually gets close.. How many men and women's blood boils for the loss of their sons?
Time for the migrants to step up and serve their new country.
What a swollen limp turnip. Dude is so full of Botox. Just pathetic.
Russia kindly notified the US. Did US notified Nagasaki and Hiroshima?
The most of western people been always saying they doubt it Russian nuclear is even still working😂😂😂
If you ignore the media BS and look at what he actually said closely, he made it clear next time the U.S./Britain authorizes attack on Russian federation with its ballistic missiles through Ukraine as a proxy, the response will be a tactical nuke strike on Ukraine since authorizing Ukraine to use ballistic missiles against RF endangers its strategic nuclear deterrence. If a response on Russians assets from the west follows, the response will be on western military bases.

Biden seems hell bent on causing chaos for Trump before he takes over. The man is clearly incoherent and not “all there” as evident to everyone, so the fact he’s doing this is insane.
What a minute, Putin reacted to  western  missiles being used in Russia and it wasn't pleading for mercy? That's surprising.
Why oh why are we taking this tiny man seriously. Russia is a turd on the shoe of western liberal democracies. He can’t survive without North Korea FFS. If he risks Russia getting into a full blown war with Europe his generals will take him to the wood shed. Europe could speed up that process if they had the balls. He’s a mafia thug that’s it.
This is the guy who hid in the basement when Prighozin was having tantrums.
NATO needs to crush Putin and put an end to this nonsense .
He must be stopped now.
We’ll live together or die together. Think about this, French.😊
R
Only bluffing until it isn’t.
Im fine if we all go. Humanity needs to go bye bye imo 🎉
Raining bombs
Europe is fighting war for USA. So pity
Hopefully the world can survive just 60 more days and then the adults will be back in the room and will end the war
We will not be intimidated by Putin.
I think Zelensky is a War Criminal who is   Greedy  Corrupt   who has ambitions to join  EU  at the cost of Destroying Whole of Ukraine  .
Zelensky should be held accountable for all this mayhem over ukraine. Just surrender and let people survive.
He is very afraid
war only gonna kill you!
The World needs to make it clear to Vladimir Putin/Russia  that his aggression  will not and cannot be  Rewarded !
Using an intercontinental missile to hit a target on the same continent is the cunning Russian strategy 😂
And the useless Patriots system did nothing
Rus economy is gonna implode when China pulls the plug. And that's getting closer everyday.
mach 20? boinyo
Zelensky asks for long-range weapons, Russia gives them
It's the final countdown and Putler's on #2🎉
even the yankees had no idea what was that missile, let that sink in
This one guy can destroy the whole world.
The ultimate blame is on Bidin and Zelensky
Russian president Putin says "Ruling elites" rather than "Government"  He understand the situation.
What the hell USA doing every where?
Biden and his associate fully responsible for this escalation.
VLADIMIR PUTIN: In addition to being a genocidal, it is the main ecocide of the biodiversity of the “Taiga”, the green lung of Russia and one of the most important ecosystems on the planet. The greatest enemy of world peace and stability. The demon that the ignorant Russian people have engendered.
Yeah, Putin said western weapons could not defend against Russia's hypersonic missile. It turned out that the Ukrainians could shoot them down with Patriot missiles.
Run US, run..... But not before telling Ukraine to throw Biden and Starmer shoes at Russia...... 😂😂😂
Russians only respect strength. Negotiation is weakness. Lack of commitment is weakness. And they will exploit that weakness through any means. They will lie, cheat, steal, do anything to get on top. Put Russia in its place now, or pay the price. Choice is ours.
Ukraine makes no sense to exist it is the dumbest nation on earth why are they still in this war!!! 🫣
The EU, Balkan Baltic countries are all at risk..I dont care here in the US as nothing is going to happen here, while Biden has sent over $100 billion in aid to corrupt Ukraine and we are tired of it..the afore mentioned countries sat back and did little..good luck you are all at risk while Joey Biden authorized the use of US long range missles..which were launched and all shot down wasting US taxpayers again millions..the pro russia ukraine people brought this upon Ukraine, even the pro russia ukraine political party had influence  there..and the comedian with hands out begging for money? the afore mentioned countries  and nations figure it out leave the US out of it
Kursk nuclear power plant: The next Chernobyl? Go ahead Zelensky, do not be intimidated by that retrograde, genocidal and ecocidal Putin. The civilized world is with Ukraine.
Russia just socked it to the West!
Biden is planning to take us all to the grave with him.
The dude is just circling the drain.
No problem for biden its just a bluff.........until 700 Dots appears on the American radar screen 😂
Bravo 👍
If Russia says for evacuation, then there will be catastrophe.
War is not with Russia.

China is the evil empire.
The first honest thing he's said in years. Putin clarifies that he is indeed a threat to the west. Now let's actually do something about him.
Such a bad thing to do. American equivalent of kids in the backseat of the car, “But he hit me first!” Or Israel, “But a thousand years ago….” Or any Islamic nation, “But the Koran says….” Hey Putin, what’s the right thing to do as winter comes to all?
Seriously, If Russia can't take over little itty bitty Ukraine in over 2 years, they can't do anything to anybody else unless its nuclear.
Another bluff from Putin.
We love president Vladimir Putin ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
@!ZIGZAGBureauofln:



I think is better not 2 play with fire! Putin do not bluff!zigg zag
What u want to say with that Z?
Putin has consistently stated he will not tollerate US icbm/long range missiles. Why does the US and NATO not care about nuclear war?
There is no collective Government in Western Europe. The European Commission gets it's directives from Washington. What a tragedy for 800 million Europeans and the greater Eurasian Continent. Our Continent has been invaded by the Americans for economic reasons only. The ruling elite are behind all this shenanigans....
Rich Europeans should start moving their wealth to USA now
Nato is the problem not Russia
Check some other perspectives after listening to this very biased guy
Oreshnik proves that the US Carrier Groups are vulnerable anywhere in the world. And European countries choosing to host US  bases and inviting attack on minutes notice.
Europe is full of cowards.  First Europe calls for US to let Ukraine use long range missiles, then it complains about US allowing Ukraine to  use those long range missiles
Its only a medium range ballistic missile not a true hypersonic cruise missile.
Who cares about Zelensky
Russia has enough nuclear weapons to hit all countries in nato and the west knows that.

As much as russia knows that nato may respond with nukes the west knows that too 

All these experts who believe that putin is still sitting in the kremlin and waiting on the us they are delusional.

Russia will endorce their own security guarantees and will not be dictated to.
The USA gave the green light to Ukraine to launch an ATACMS Missile attack on Russia, then Russia responded by launching ORESHNiK Semi Ballistic Missiles on Ukraine and the USA responded by saying we do not want a war with Russia, what kind of joke is this??
Viva Russia!!!! 👏👏👏⭐️
The World’ innovator 
Always admirable at all levels!
Science, civilization, ethics, power. 
The world is with you!!!
People are with you!
Russia is the new boss. ♥️🇦🇺🇷🇺♥️
Russia isn't Libya 😂😂😂
I hope once this war is over, the USA can exit nato. The Europeans are plenty capable to take care of themselves. The USA is not needed. Ive actually never heard a EU citizen say they are happy the USA is in nato and helps defend their countries. So as an american tax payer I think to myself… why bother protectinf people who dont want you and will use you as a scapegoat for any hardship they encounter. NATO needs to become a defense organization of EU countries only.
Let’s hope we get to January
Ukraine gets 100 of billions in weapons and western military aids and supports
Russia got the most sanctions that never been happened to any country.

Still Russia taken over 20%  of Ukraine 😅😅😅

Just keep blaffing till China take over Taiwan
Who is going to bet with me that NATO will declare war 😊?
The guy that invades and now realizes it costing him way too much.  Is getting desperate.
When Iran said that they will strike Israel using powerful weapon, I think they are going to unleash the same weapon that used by Russia . Iran  said, that they are going to strike all Israel army facilities and Isreal will suffer Before Russia ICBM in Ukraine ,  I couldn't  imagine how Iran going to fight Israel but now either Iran get it from Russia or  Russia get it from Iran.
I Only hear idiots saying :"and at last, trump will stop the war." lets wait and See.
NATO lost speech after oreshnik. Where is big mouth Ursula?
This guy's reasoning is nonsensical coupled with foolishness beyond description and trying to down play the true effect of the attack which has clearly shaken them to the core there defense systems failed to respond period.
The world has changed already.
what are the military targets that the new Russian ballistic missile destroyed ?? 
western media is not talking about this ??
Ukraine is not part of the American Alliance called NATO
Wao, I cannot even imagine that American will be this stupid, Not even one other propaganda channels are asking the right Question, Like why Americans don't back down, it's the same thing that happened during Cuban Missile Crisis, America went belistic, then why do they think it will not happen in case of Ukraine
hilarious. great military power russia just throws out reminders constantly and oreshniks just another in many more to come which aren't oreshnik btw
Ukraine has lost already. Just recognize reality.
Silly to talk about nukes. Only the US ever used nukes against another nation. The Russians will just blow up UK's storm shadow missile factories using the new missiles using conventional warheads in it comes to push and shove.
No bluffing anymore😂
Russians should know that war crimes do not have a statute of limitations. They should be aware that justice will one day come to their aid, with Putin at the forefront. The Security Service of Ukraine "SBU" eliminated another war criminal, Valery Trankovsky, 41st Missile Brigade. was a Russian naval officer responsible for attacks on civilians. The direct cause of death was loss of blood as a result of the wounds received. As a result of the explosion, the sailor lost both legs and was sitting behind the wheel when the car exploded. rescuers from the Russian Ministry of Emergency Situations arrived with help just 6 minutes after the explosion. Although the victim was rescued from the wreck, the officer died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. The attack took place in the center of Sevastopol. trankowski was under surveillance for about a week and an improvised explosive device (IED) was placed under the driver's seat of his car and detonated remotely. Trankowski previously served as chief of staff of the Small Missile Ship Squadron, whose ships carried out missile attacks using .  He ordered the launch of cruise missiles from the Black Sea against civilian targets in Ukraine. he was responsible, among other things, for the attacks on the city of Vinnytsia in July 2022, in which 29 people were killed and over 200 were injured. He also oversaw attacks on Odessa and other cities that killed civilians. At the beginning of October, we reported the death of a 44-year-old officer, Nikita Klenkow, deputy commander of a military unit, a GRU officer, who was shot in his car by an unknown perpetrator. a few days later, information appeared about Dmitry Golenkov, a pilot of the 52nd heavy bomber regiment of the Russian Aerospace Forces, who was beaten to death with a blunt instrument. The assassination of Vladimir Putin is only a matter of time. You shouldn't think that 20 years after the war we will become friends. War is a competition
This will be a major destruction for many, many decades. The Kremlin only harms you.  A067
Senseless collective "waste".. 😮😮😮
All America and NATO countries put together has no such weapon and has nothing to stop it on your airspace. So stop your recklessness!
NATO needs to stop dithering and send troops. Push Putin back to the border.
so u think europeans and americans will risk their cities to defend ukraine. Thats a lie,
Arabs are using Putin to destroy Putin and Russia together
I beg on my knees all racists and fascists worldwide to stop lying!

You can't call Russian missile range 5800km medium range and then talk about 250-300km range storm shadow and ATACMS as long range and suggesting such very short range missiles would be escalatory. 

The only escalation is only and always done by the Sino-Russian alliance! 

I'd call the first missile actively being deployed like the V2 a very short range missile, and that one had 320km! 

So storm shadow and ATACMS are very short range.

So please stick to facts and drop your racist and fascists claims like NATO is escalating with long range weapons.

Russia is deploying medium range weapons up to 5800km!

We're not sending Ukrainian soldiers with a knife to a gunfight, we're sending them with a teaspoon to a gunfight! 

So stop tour lies and scam please!
Where did you get this clown?????
Rulers are world killers
Total nonsense
You guy is so dump
My Gosh, the Russian missile has really frightened the pants off the west 😅
Putin was opening portals in Ukraine lol 😂😂😂
Why would Russia choose Ukraine to nuke, when he is aware the actual threat is direct from US & UK. If required, Russia will use Nuke in UK first
NATO said Putin was sabre rattling, Oreshnik was like a thunderbolt from hell.
Why are the media focusing and always saying that this missile can carry nukes?  Well the truth is russia has been using weapons that can carry a nuclear warhead for over 1 year. Why mention  this so much for this weapon? Yes it's a different missile then used before, and yes just like for the last year this could carry a nuke too. The focus should be on this one can attack 5 to 6 targets at one time, although it didn't do a good job of that nor inflict a lot of damage for what was used.
There is no Ukraine territory they lost it
Russia ....get out of Ukraine and focus on rebuilding your economy
Defund NATO
When Trump gets into the WH Zelenskyy will run for his life with the billions he had stolen.😂
"If Russia uses nukes on Ukraine, NATO will use nukes on Russia". Bold assumption there.
Russia is not vietnam or Somalia , the quickest you understand better you are NATO warmongers
Kept pushing the bear. 😂
a hypersonic missile that was empty to begin with - not even a serious threat.
Currently ,   Bible prophecy is being fulfilled . The Bible is a book of prophecy. Approximately 
30% of the Bible is about prophecy.
The earth is going to go through a time of tribulation.
The Great Tribulation  will be a time of distress that human kind has never experience before.
Earth will soon enter into this  time  of tribulation, and 
Bible prophecy wil be fulfilled.
True christians  (saved from sin by Jesus  )　will be raptured,
(lifted to heavenby Jesus)
but merely nominal  christians  
(those who are christians in name only ) will  remain 
on the earth. 
The second prophecy tells that 
Israel will be attacked like 
never before .
as  far  as  what happens first,
the order of prophecies 1,2,&3 might change.
1. All Christians in the world will disappear at once.
You might get an image of that if 
you watched the  movie
"LeftBehind " but 
I think the Rapture will be incomparable  to the movie.
The movie cannot be compared 
with reality when the Rapture occurs.
2. Damascus ,the capital of Syria,will be destroyed.
3. The countries of Russia,Iran, and Turkey will attack Israel.
God will miraculously give 
Israel the victory in this battle.
The rise of the anti- Christ will occur  when he is 
welcomed as the new world leader.
He will confirm a peace treaty with Israel for seven years.
This will begin the Great 
Tribulation, which will last for 
seven years.
The anti-Christ will lie to the 
world about why Christians
disappear. For example,
the anti-Christ might lie and say 
that extraterrestrials snatched 
people who don't believe
in aliens from outer space.
During the Great Tribulation there will be famines, desease,
epidemics and pandemics 
and many kind of natural disasters. During this era of time 
in human history, hardships 
will happen like never before
experienced by human beings.
The anti-Christ will cause 
the Jews to rebuild the temple
in Jerusalem.
This has been difficult to achieve.
The anti-Christ will also cause 
the Jews to restore the 
ritual sacrifices in the temple.
The false  prophet (maybe a 
Roman catholic pope )
will create and lead a one 
world religion. After  three  and 
a half years,the  anti-christ   declare he is god, and 
make people worship him.
The anti-Christ will also break 
the peace treaty with Israel
after three and a half years.
The anti-Christ will coerce all 
people to take a mark of 666 in 
their right hand or forehead.
This mark might be a bar code 
or microchip .
The Bible says that those 
people who refuse to take  the 
mark will not be able to 
buy  or sell, and will be beheaded.
The people left behind who are 
repentant  Christians  will 
reject  the anti-Christ and his 
mark, so will be killed.
The people who followed the 
anti-Christ and took the 
mark of the beast will cast into 
the everlasting fire because
of God's forewarned judgment.
Those people who didn't 
follow the anti-Christ and who 
refused to take the mark of 
the beast, will go to be 
with God in heaven at last.
The Bible says that we should
never take that mark.
Jesus Christ's second coming 
will be at the Mount of Olives 
at the end of the seven 
years  of the Great Tribulation .
Then Christ will begin  1000 years of His earthly 
Kingdom.
Bible prophecy has been fulfilled 
in the past, but there is also 
still more that the Bible says  about  prophecy that will 
be  fulfilled  in the future.
Now, currently, today  is  the 
time to accept God's saying 
grace, before the beginning
of the Great Tribulation.
Those  people who believe that
Jesus Christ died on the cross 
for their sins, they will go to 
heaven  to be with Him .
Believing this is the priority 
above everything else.
I hope that many people will 
choose this before it's too late.
Remember Disaster will be happened in Europe not in USA and UK
"...open the door to other nuclear nations against Russia."
As if Russia will stop there. It will be MAD.
If Russians detect a launch of a nukelear armed missile say from France, the France as we know it ceases to exist with about 30 minutes. This is true for any county in Europe. Set N. Americas aside, does anyone want to gamble with their mere existence? Looks like European so called leaders do. I would not test the intention of Putin to prevent the NATO's threat even if he seems indecisive quite often. 

Keep in mind that Putin does not make the decision to launch singlehandedly. It's a group of people, some of whom are very hawkish towards the West. Thus, the talk about what Putin may or may not do based on some "expert" opinion is meaningless and  simply waste of time for no one has a clue. One thing  however is certain,  prepare for the worst.
France 🇫🇷 will fix this!
A meeting without Trump there will be pointless
Ya, keep talking 😂
❌ Vladimir 👹 Putin ❌
NATO is too much talk and rhetoric. 

Talk. Talk. Talk. Redline, blueline etc. No Action Talk Only (NATO)
New U.S. sanctions on Moscow may shut down the only way European customers can pay for Russian gas, increase volatility on Russia's FX market and push Moscow closer to Beijing's orbit, Russian economists said on Friday.Washington imposed new sanctions on Russia's Gazprombank on Thursday that prevent the state-controlled lender from handling any new energy-related transactions that touch the U.S. financial sector.
The country that kisses Trump Ring will win, this is what we don’t know.
Who is the kisser
I dont why people are laughing this aint no joking situation..nuclear war means no one will live  find god and protect ya family
Comedian rocks
Dangerous Useless Expensive ,NATO military expanding for giant weapon companies richer by all taxpayers money, from 13 to 31 states to Russian doorstep+homeland,, How come the peace come from? We the people need live peaceful life
Who the hell care if Ukraine loses. Is it worth risking a nuclear war over Ukraine?
Well #BonespursTrump will simply hand Ukraine over to #PoisonerPutin on Day One. That was Trump's "solution" all along. Trump might even help Putin with some US military strategic forces and/or weapons. Trump is part of the Unhinged-Right - true psychopaths like the Project 2025 nuts. Of course Musk is begin rewarded for keeping Trump out of prison, thanks to Musk's connections to highly-skilled hacker-engineers and Trump-worshiping election officials - they had fixed the election long before anyone actually voted, which explains Trump's intoxication with his own sloppy slanderous campaign speeches.
Joke😅. Ukraine is non-nuclear power. If Russia used nukes in Ukraine no other nuclear powers are  going to used nukes against Russia. Nuclear war will trigger only nuke power attacking nukes power. Russia is on the top of the escalation ladder in this case. Us knows very well that.
Did he just say that if Russia use nukes in Ukraine nayo nations will use nukes on Russia ??
Even Macron doesn't neuclear war . He should now do mediate.
WEST and NATO supposed to facilitate peace deal, but instead, they are historically known to escalate everywhere their feet touch. Nothing good come out them. They spend more time delivering weapons and framing war strategies rather than peace. Any thinking mind can compare how much time has been spent on peace vs delivering weapons since the start of conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
War will end soon
Ukraine was the one escalating. Lol
Vladimir Putin will never feel safe for rest of his life.
Russia saying bye bye to dollar.
Bitcoin for the win
This CIA funded news channel should use better participants
Lol he speaks like russian don't have allies 😊. China north Korea  iran nukes . Vs usa ad nato we all die stupid
ORESHNIK: Boooooom! 💥💣💥💣💥
Patriot Defense System 1: What the f**k was that?
Patriot Defense System 2: Oh shit! I really don’t know.
I can't believe Russia fired their new missile Ukraine is the world's largest military test site to test Western weapons in combat we were hoping Russia would test theirs so we could see what they had now we know and now the Allies will  buy new weapons from the West after seeing Russia's capabilities  you got to watch out for those Democrats they're kind of sneaky they don't care about anybody they use everybody
Zaleski said couple of days ago: "Missiles will speak for themselves'". What goes around, comes around! LOL
I guess the budget of France24 is running low if they had to dig up this old fossil.
They have to test Oreshnik in Selenski's bunker. Maybe then he'll come to his senses.
BS
Why meet? Scared? Z started it with US and Brit weapon. Je will hit only...?
Russia 🇷🇺 is the most powerful country in the world, the third world, that is!
Russia attacks Ukraine with long range ballistic missiles killing 12,000 civilians, so the Biden Trump meeting have authorized Ukraine to use the short range ATACAMS to target Russian military assets! There is NO escalation just a clear message the Kremlin has to withdraw the SMO by January for peace so Trump can cut Russia a deal on sanctions! Putin escalating with IRBM not yet in production & conditions= No deal Trump will deliver Tomahawk ultra long range missiles!
Russia will do what it takes to defend its homeland, including nukes if it feels it as to like any other nation. Don't be fooled.. than why are they calling an emergence meeting?
No ATACMS or Storm Shadow now for two days.....NATO needs an "emergency" talk with Ukraine to tell Napolensky "you are fucced, we can't go further..."
The problem is, CAN RUSSIA ALSO  INTERCEPT HYPERSONIC MISSILES  COMING NATO and Allies?
The facts, the effects of storm shadows and ATACSM are damaging, that is why Putin forced to use weapon that is not in production stage.  A hypersonic missiles, are mach 5 to 25 speed, whether it is Iran, Israel, China, US and Russia  are  hard to intercept.
Tell us about the nato summit nd stop you baby talking.
There's nothing to fear but fear itself. Russia has the ability to nuke us and has been threatening to do so all the time. The new missile adds nothing to that. We must not forget only reason Ukraine is a non-nuclear state is because US, UK and Russia promised Ukraine's sovereignty and security in the Budapest Memorandum. If we do not uphold our end of the bargain no nuclear state (think NK, Iran) would ever give up their nukes like Ukraine did. And should we renege on our obligation to Ukraine then we have a duty to return Ukraine the nukes it gave up. Now of course those nukes were long dismantled meaning to restore Ukraine to its state before the Budapest Memorandum we will need to furnish Ukraine with nukes in similar quantities with equal or better capabilities than the ones Ukraine gave up. This is the minimal condition we have to satisfy should we walk away from Ukraine.
The global South ( the whole world excluding Europe and US) know Russia will win this war since the beginning and US is now a sinking ship ( Boarder problem, soaring Inflation, homelessness, gun violence, world expensive medical services e.t.c)

Sanction on Russia is not working. Because Russia is not isolated, Putin war in Ukraine continue, Russian economy is saved by Chinese market, African nations increases support for Putin, Russia developed mechanism for sanction deviation support by Iraq, North Korea, Venuzula and Cuba, Republican Kongo e.tc. De-dollarazation of US dollars is accelerated globally.

Russia stand as a symbol of strength. One nation that can face the entire west (NATO). 

Russia and China bring economic development, western countries (EU) bring neo-colonization while US under the umbrella of NATO bring war and destruction
If he uses nuclear weapon in Ukraine, Russia might lose support of its friends. But no nuclear country, i repeat not a single one will fire a nuclear warhead back at Russia. No one will sacrifice their country's survival for another country.
The comedian clown and his western puppeteers refrain from abusing Vlad's celestial patience the best way to avoid decreasing life expectancy!
Victory to the Russian Federation, to President Vladimir Putin,  And to the brilliant engineering of the Hypersonic ‘Oreshnik’ Missile system.
Pls talk to Russia. Talking among you nato guys is like masterbating n expecting something worth be produced.
China is telling Russia to nuke Las Vegas, and Hollywood NATO & TRUMP will be crying 🤔USA do have a lot of Hollywood actor's in their government now😅
I just have one question: what other response did you expect from Russia?
🫡🇷🇺🫡🇨🇳🫡🇿🇦
Starting to wake up to reality? How comes? Russia has only shovels, remember?
I’m already lost the war . What kind of lies on your lips?
EU/NATO seem not to be getting the message/warning,,,,Russia has got big WEAPONS!!! ;))
God bless Ukraine 🇺🇦 🇺🇦🇺🇦❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏🙏
Scared??? Peeing in your pants now??? NATO/EU farce exposed.
It started with a president having an alzheimer
Putin will swallow it’s like champ
This Western analysts are funny so Western countries will respond with a nuclear weapons if Russia use one in Ukraine 😂😂😂😂😂
Russia has 6000 nuclear weapons
One minute NATO dismisses russia as a joke.

Next minute, NATO holds crisis talks.

What a joke.
Psychopathic Warmongers determined to start WW3
Why was harris and Biden allowed to do this
Nonsense talk
Stupidity from NATO. NATO has been pushing Russia way before the Ukraine War by putting weapons around its border.
western analyst is a clown😅
It's not the end times yet this year especially 2025
It's not the end times yet this year especially 2025
😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅
guy is reta.rd and she is crosseyed... why should anyone listen to these jokes
nuclear weapons are outDated & Im surprised that the military doesn’t just admit that. Clean WMD like ElectroPulse are already in use by Russia, China, Korea & Iran. Nuclear Weapons are clunky, messy in comparison
Trump needs to get USA out of Nato. It does not benefit us at all and they are trying to start WW3.
Mother Russia is Ending western hegemony !!!  , Period ..
Missiles speak for themselves.   Famous last words 😂
They saying don't do it. Don't do it. Don't   do do do it😎😇🙏🙏🙏
By the end of Trump's presidency people are going to realize he was one of the best presidents America has ever seen after this mess.
as sook as Trump gets in there all those kids will quiet down, what do you think?
I hope Ukraine can turn things around.
PUTIN AINT NO PUSSSY…. Better settle up so man kind can continue……
What nations would use nuke against Russia if Russia will use against Ukraine? Expert was silence about. But it is very interesting. Who takes chance to get back?
So the US was pre-notified about Oreshnik's launch and did nothing about it.
The guy is a joke
No attacks from Storm Shadow or ATACMS since Russia dropped that MIRV on Ukraine.  Coincidence?
NATO is losing power on the world stage and wants war with Russia as soon as possible while they still are strong
Let missiles talk to each other
Putin is really saying you want the smoke last chance…..
So it wasn't UK that sent storm shadow and US green lit the ATACMS. Clown. The thing is Putin, doesnt want a peace solution either. There's blood in the water and Russia, China, North Korea and Turkey are a in it together... waiting for the hammer to drop. Of course Israel, whose actually the only one fighting terror, is the one being blamed for a war. I wonder if the BBC will ever report how many missiles are being shot into Israel daily. Its staggering. A whole nation of people being gas lit. And what from the media? Nothing. Like it's not happening. 

There is good news. Jesus Christ died, was buried and ascended into heaven. Believe in him, pray to Him and ask Him for help. He will Save you, He will Redeem your life by the covenant God made, taking man's 'place on the cross'. You only have tk look at the world today to see how broken we are, and the systems we've created. We've rejected God and this is the result. Destruction, chaos, greed, death, emptiness and loneliness.

Jesus died for you, so you can be set free. Believe in Him. He died for you. He will heal you. He will be your comfort, your friend.
Idiot think if Russia use nuke in Ukraine other nuclear nation will use nuke on Russia. Get off your fantasy world the moment it is seen flyimg toward Russia, your whole country is vaporised. Europe has absolutely nothing to hit Russia with. High time you get of you fantasy world and lala land. americans will abandon you.
Call Putin's bluff.
US taxpayers will no longer pay for this war we never wanted to begin with. Biden is not even our legitimate president. Good luck.
"if he starts using nuclear weapons..."  - how lightly he takes this potential event. If there is a nuclear war, it means the end of all life on earth.  All world leaders should be in full panic mode and trying to calm the situation.
You think Putin has 5000 nuclear  bombs, he probably  has 500,000 by now 😂😂😂😂
Ru got more than enough long range weapons to pay back the West with interest for every act of aggression against them.
Don t trust no human, especially politicians. Trust god only!!!
What is a delusional
NATO already lost the war in Ukraine.
Joe Biden is ready to take on Russia and only has 2 months left to beat Putin.
These false assurances the west are saying of going nuclear on Russia if it strikes Ukraine with an atomic weapon, is the reason why the little green man does not want to negotiate for peace.
Interesting that living room couch warriors believe they have better instincts on this conflict than the cia / shadow gov ...
Send WEF puppet Macron to fight on the Russian front , a pathetic little bankster  servant .
Please forgive them, they do not know, what they are doing
Ukraine and allies thought they cornered Russia but they are themselves cornered
USA embassy closed, Europeans do you have sense ??
Intimidation..kkkk bunch of lies
I blame biden voters 100%
Russia warned Nato about expanding east, and Russia warned Ukraine about joining Nato. Russia warned Nato about long-range missiles.
I cry every day
Leave Putin alone!
American elected Trump with a clear mission of stopping the war, not funding it. War mongers just want to blackmail Trump into war he promised to stop. If Ukraine fails, it will be due to the fact that ZAlensky was not serious about winning the war; otherwise, they wouldn't have corruptly looted the money given to them by the Biden administration because he believes the US has big money to be looted while prolonging the war, which continues to sink US tax payers debt. Trump was elected to make America great, not to feed a military industrial complex while burdening tax payers.
NATO is fueling Ukrain war, why Zelinsky used the ballistic missile first and now Russia will respond so why hue and cry. Should have thought before.
You better listen to the words of wisdom from Mr ORESHNIK. He inspires greatly.
Americans dont want this war.
This is not intimidating but real. People are dying
Misleading Biden cannot make that decision due to cognitive impairment. The decisions were made by Blinken, Sullivan and Lloyd Austin.
In authoritarian countries like Russia and China, comments that criticize or insult their own government or allies are immediately deleted or banned. Citizens have no freedom to criticize their government. In fact, there is no criticism of the Putin regime in the Russian media at present. This is because individuals and media personnel are investigated and arrested and imprisoned as "foreign agents." If the world becomes a country that punishes the freedom of speech of its citizens like Russia and China, we who post online now will also be punished and imprisoned. Those who have been brainwashed by some ideological injection and simply support Russia like children and criticize Western European countries must understand this fact and regain their sanity. It will be too late after the world is covered by despotism.
Why on earth is everyone thinking Russia won’t pop a tactical nuke if they push them too hard. If they use a tactical nuke in Kursk which is their own territory occupied by Ukraine, what can the west do? Freaking nothing! if they don’t want WWIII
Russia is bluffing the sharpest president in history of USA knows the best! They did bluff they will attack Ukraine in 2022 and they are bluffing now too :-D
Give a big applause for Joe Biden, maybe he doesnt know who he is he knows whats the best 😂
the question is will ukraine and nato retalliate?
Stop provoking Russia
Who would go into nuclear war with Russia for Ukraine? I don’t think any country would do that
Even if you think it is all Bluff why push us to the edge and even take the risk . The world is in a more dangerous place than it has ever been .
Please Ukraine should not  fire  any missile again Russia not playing 😊
its an old rs 26 with mirvs, france has them Uk has the US has them lol this is going to happen and if you dont have guns ammo food water and gold, well you are sheep!
You are always able to find Mr No one to come and speak nonsense. What’s the purpose of this.
Odessa on their list Odessa is Russia Russian lives in Odessa Should be election in Ukraine and Putin too on tge ballot see what happens
Is Putin still bluffing?😂😂😂 Obviously, the entire NATO is a piece of dead meat without the US.
From Javelins, Switchblades to Leopard Tanks and F-16s. The West expended about 30 gamd changers that all became scraps. 😂😂😂
Problem with West for 3 years they always put words on Putin😂😂😂
This is the best you can do? Ridiculous.  Why would Russia use nukes when they are winning?  Even if the Russians did nuke Ukraine, no country would nuke Russia in response.  This guy is just not a serious analyst.
The firing of ATCMs and shadow misslies shows that Ukraine does not want to Ukraine does not want to negotiate.. negotiations meam the dollar tap will close...and Zelensky is out of Office..he cant let that happen
Sir Ukraine already lost the war...its just settlement remaining
❤❤❤❤🌹Early Happy 73th Birthday to President VLADIMIR PUTIN 🌹❤❤❤
NATO is a chicken. They rather let Ukraine lose than put boots into Ukraine
Hahahaha,let me tell you something,if putin usese nuclear weapon on Ukraine,nothing will happen.A question to you,is Ukraine the United states of America or is it part of America.when America hit the two cities of Japan when the world war 2 was already over,who went after the USA?
I don't think russia developed nuclear power to take a selfie with it he'll use it when he's Country is in danger no country will bend down while having these kind of weapons in it's arsenal!! please stop the nonsense and save humanity once it's late it's too late.
Did Ukrainians use "storm shadow" or "ATACMS" since then?
No?
Why not?
US has won strategically with Russia. Its letting it self-consume!
If Putin uses nukes, what makes everybody think he's only going to target Ukraine, he'd target all his enemies at once.
This comedian call zelensky will bring another European war
😂😂
NATO loves talking ...... NATO = No Action Talk Only
This guest not serious!
Don't believe a thing trump says.  Hew will propose to both sides and both will reject.  trump will blame one or both
Whos fault: Biden's last announcement
Keep playing with fire
Let the US and Great Britain return to Ukraine the nuclear statues which Ukraine had it before 1995, and all Russia's threatens to the west will stop. This is no need to give nuclear weapons to Ukraine, just this status only.
Calling a meeting an emergency but having to schedule it is crazy lmao it aint an emergency if its schedule ahead of time
The amount of stupidity that surrounds anglophone countries is astounding. These people just never fail to mention that they are superior to all.
If the USA doesn't back Ukraine they will lose a ally when USA has to confront China.
Trump can say what hhe likes, and Euurope can simply ignore him. He will break america, the decline has already started.
the nonchalant discourse around the use nuclear weapons of late seems so out of place....surreal
😅😅 you said he was bluffing now u having meetings
Cowards on coments, Europe can defend itself at all means so dont fear be like ukrainians at the beggining war
NATO and the US are nuts; they are playing with fire, and they just got burned a little, Russia is up on stage, and they are number 1, NATO lost!
This expert is stupid to say such a thing. The signal was for Britain and the USA. Any of their bases will be destroyed and they won't be able to do anything about it. And Ukraine has already lost this conflict... Ukraine is bankrupt!
We want PEACE🙏🙏🙏
American Poked the bear, handed the stick to clownsky before running away
Ukraine  has right to protect itself....
With 30 minutes warning from Russia, still the Patriots missiles in Ukraine didn't even detect the incoming Oreshnik missile, much less shoot it down!
Assessing NATO's panic and emergency meetings taking place, clearly Oreshnik is a game changer!

Zelnesky, a talking Parrot, please be aware even China doesn’t have the Oreshnik technology, so there is no point of blaming China.
Just like Donald Trump said, you are the greatest sales man who would do whatever it takes to get more money. But the jig is up boy!
A demo of missiles going to mid east to test on aircraft carriers.
Everything Russia does is an emergency for NATO
US and UK have given Ukraine right to fire long range missiles to Russia. Ukraine and it supporters are happy.  Putin said red line. The west said Putin is bluffing 😂😂. Now Putin answered with one missile. The west again said Putin is escalating? 🤔
Mark Tutte Frutte’s all Rutte will be hiding in the basement
60% of the people in the west support Putin.
stop plays with people life , criminals tchuipss
Gods, this is amazing. After all, these missiles were destroyed in the USSR and in the West during the Cold War because they are too dangerous! They are flying too fast, there is no time to make decisions. This is a big step forward to the apocalypse! And this commentator is mumbling the same thing.
As Oppenheimer whould say to (russia putin you foolish people) who think you are gods to use the word and take advantage of the Atomic Bomb  while invade other free  lands on earth .People like this are not worthy.
This guy is talking nonsense
😘❤Anouk Teeuwe❤😘
Zelensky and Joe Biden want to create a big mess which will make it for Trump to clean up and solve. They want to make Putin reject negotiations so that Trump would have no other choice but support Ukraine.
Please find somebody intelligent for the position of "int'l affairs editor" because this guy is ridiculous.
The expert is mistaken!. He thinks nuclear weapons will be used against Ukraine. Far from it, nuclear weapons will be used against France, UK, USA , Germany and all NATO countries with the capability to fire nuclear weapons.
Even after being given a 30 minutes warning  prior to the launch of the Hazel they still couldn't intercept it.
But Putin is bluffing even after intercepting 5 of the 6 storm shadows fired by Ukraine
Zelensky said the long range game changers would speak for themselves, I didn't heard them since the Oreshnik Thunder Spoke . Lol
"emergency' meeting 5 days after the strike 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Oh by the way Philip is definitely on drugs.....no way someone can be this delusional.
Wen am not mistaken one of prime minister of hungry he said clearly about this war what is needed is sending military equipment and he stand to be round table this is only solution, this is because he knows Russia is not easy county they can surrender any how.
Dealing with idiots is very difficult. They even admit that they have passed several red-lines! 
What do they want Russia to do? Act on their warnings?
So NATO strategy is to keep this war going on until Putin give up. 🤔
One weapon has shaken the entire  Nato, West and 🇺🇸  to the core such that they have to have an emergency meeting, it must be very bad.
Storm shadows and ATACM were shot down then followed the an experimental weapon attack.
Joke of the year.....usa and allies wont fight a nuclear war on Ukraine behalf why would they risk their citizens life for Ukraine.....
NATO called Russia's bluff, Putin showed a royal flush.
Emergency talks in a week 😂😂😂😂
In my opinion  it will  be naive to think that when Russia  decides  to  use nuclear  weapons , it will  only use against  Ukraine. The day the decision is  made, whole of Europe  and all the Russia  adversaries  will  be the the target.  Russia  is not going to give chance to  adversaries  to retaliate  afterwards.
UK and  US couldn’t even stop illegal immigrant boat on sea and Taliban. Yet they want fight against Russia 🇷🇺 and stop ORISHNIK 😂😂😂😂Brvo!!!!
This guy id dummer than i touught...
They start throwing stones all over. But when Russia throws a single stone, Nato suddenly holds a meeting to discuss it😢
EU leaders are to blame for all this.   Sorry for European citizens
Definitely America and its notorious NATO will not use nuclear weapons against Russia when Russia attacks only Ukraine with nuclear bomb. America is such a selfish nation which doesn't bother about anyone else but it's own .
Please, please please stop using this guy for commentary on the war - low quality nonsensical takes are all he does
Was that a surprise? What was expected when Biden authorized long range attack inside Russia?
Yup Ukraine gotta give up territory. They fought it out for 2 years and they loss. Time to cut their losses and move on. End the war!
If Russia nooks U-crane, NO one is gonna risk striking back in kind at Russia — over the fricking "Donbas", are you kidding me?!
I would not call a meeting 5 days later an emergency
Why would almighty Putin use nukes on Ukraine wen USA and Europe is there.
So according to this guy if Putin uses nuclear in Ukraine the Americans will nuke Russia ? And what happens when nukes are on their way flying to Russia ? He is basically saying that if Putin uses nuke in Ukraine the world will end. If that’s the case, why you are not worried. Why it is ok to be so incoherent and still get so much airtime ?
Germany is a joke
Just in case you haven't understood the intended use of the Russian missile it appears to me to be intended to destroy aircraft and runways. However using it not for its intended use seems to be an act of intimidation. May be a duel use weapon when fitted with nuclear warheads or even chemical or conventional.
These guys are always in meetings for Ukraine ...wen are they working for their people ?
Cry harder ⛱️ ⛱️ ⛱️ ⛱️.....😊
US must understand that they cannot win this war. Russia at this moment is invencible.
Typical British Clown 😅
You giving putin way to much attention he is seeking
Ukraine uses western long range missiles to destroy an underground command center, ruSSia fires 2 "new" missiles (one exploded on launch) to destroy a boiler room in a house...sums it up...
Russia have already won
Russians are not playing around..
Is Ukraine worth risking a nuclear exchange with Russia?
WW3😂
1:31 this is such wildly irresponsible bluster. Using nuclear weapons against Russia means the end of London, Paris, Berlin, NYC and Washington DC. I seriously doubt the West wants to risk all that for Ukraine. These people forget that Russia has more nuclear weapons than any other country.
The left  - which includes france24 - is hurdling us to annihilation.
Zelensky: The missiles will speak for themselves 
Oreshnik: I have spoken for myself 😂
Germany is chicken.
So many meatings no result.
Putin knows the day he uses nukes,that will be end of his life and presidency.thsts why he ran to address world that missile is not nuke capable carrying one
He wanted to protect Russia
He is very smart politician though
Russia phoned United States of America before launching the missile and America couldn't do anything about it.
Russia needs to learn the hard way
I hope that Oreshnik doesn't become OreshNuke. Time to apply common sense is now
Putin always hit back with decisiveness and panache. Where can't he reach with Oreshnik?
When push comes to shove, NATO will crush Putler.
Russians are just waiting for the chance to get rid of him, and he knows it.
The US is laughing, how far is the US from the EU
We'd better all pay our monthly contributions to Czar Putin. I don't want to die yet 😭😭
This man  is too old to speak such nonsense
its time for Ukraine to end its war with Russia
It's better to think twice, I think we are playing with fire!!!
Three months on and Russia hasn't yet managed to push the Ukrainian troops out of Kursk, despite 50 K  troops of their own and allegedly 10 K North Korean troops. The collective West is growing stronger while Russia seems to get weaker for each day. No way Russia will win this war!!! .
russia stop lieing your noise getting to big
🤑🕵
Al Jazeera ( Katar ) ❤️ Rusia
Slava Ukrajini 🇺🇦
34 drones, when both Russia and Ukraine are losing around 10k drones per month from all causes. Wow. lol
@fayazqureshi2214 हां, सोवियत संघ के तीनों यूक्रेनी नेताओं और यहां तक ​​कि आधे यूक्रेनी गोर्बाचेव ने भी भारत का आर्थिक रूप से समर्थन किया। केवल वर्तमान वेप्स-पिडर ही इस भ्रम में रहता है कि वह दुनिया के उस हिस्से का ज़ार है, जब से मुस्कोवी ने 1552 में कज़ान की दीवारों पर लिखा था: "हम गोल्डन होर्ड के उत्तराधिकारी हैं", 1721 में: "हम सभी रूस के उत्तराधिकारी हैं", 1991 में: "हम सोवियत संघ के उत्तराधिकारी हैं"। अपने समय के लिए, इस मूर्ख के पास न तो यूक्रेनी है और न ही बेलारूसी, और वह पड़ोसियों के साथ चौथे युद्ध में फेडररूसी को भी खोना चाहता है। भारत एक लोकतांत्रिक देश है, तानाशाही नहीं और क्रेमलिन के प्रचार को शाब्दिक रूप से नहीं लेता है।
DEMOCRACY WILL SOLVE THIS CRISIS - UKRAINE AND RUSSIA HAS BEEN MARRIED FOR 1000 YEARS.- NO PEACE UNLESS RUSSIAN VOTERS ALLOW UKRAINE A DIVORCE
Say what you want Russia still holds 1/3 of Ukraine's land
Why don’t the Ukrainians allow reporters in their frontlines? Why do they hide so much?
Down with the Russian tyranny and its brutal and satanic dictator and his propaganda machine, and all dictators!!Freedom shall ring again for beloved Ukraine 🇺🇦 Nieder mit dem Russischen Tyrannen und seinen Teufel Handlangern! All these pootin 💩 lovers go to Russia and get out!
Russia has the right to defend itself from US, NATO & Ukraine
Well, tomorrow we will hear the truth...
🇷🇺🇷🇺AJAzeera🇷🇺🇷🇺is here the only source telling about Russia advances🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Trump said he can get this war to end as soon as he got elected, what happened? Oh that's right he was lying because he knew he did not have the authority to do it. Selling dreams.
Clownselenky… destroyed his own country… his own people …
Ukraines not only has lost ground but also elite personels and their best weapons..lol,,
Really bastid Russia
Ukraine need to tell NATO no
Don't be fooled in the comments sections. They are almost all Russian bots generating comments to try to sway the narrative. Like and help spread this message under as many of these kind of videos as you can so people don't get fooled.
Both China and Russia should stop supporting Gaza until Al Jazeera stop all pro western disinformation.
🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺💪💪💪
🇺🇦💙💛
It's like russian are using ukraine war to upgrade
your map at 0:27 is all wrong
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦 🙏🏻✝️💙🇺🇸
Putin 2 week 'special military operation', now past 1000 days. It's easy to see that Putin is too weak, once a great respected world power. Now reduced to a 3rd world status.
Я захожу, чтобы посмотреть смешные картинки. В этих западных "новостях" русские всегда бьют инвалидов, женщин, детей, щенков и котят. И еще отрывают крыши у сараев 😂 даже Орешник  только слегка повредил крышу какого-то древнего коровника 😂 неужели на западе все с промытыми мозгами?
3 years later and i still dont know why we should care about this. Ukraine is not in NATO
the more you think about it the more you realize  war is stupid. Like REALLY stupid
The Ukrainian authorities are once again showing their insanity.
This strange news report and frankly tedious comments posted are telling.
The oligarchic democracy of oil magnates is not a democracy, because the oligarchs pay only for those democratic projects that bring them to power. This is a deception of both the people and the current government. Therefore, in Ukraine, such oligarchic media outlets are not considered politically correct and are subject to condemnation by both the people and the current government. In wartime, such instigators of enmity among the people must be isolated from the people and not considered correspondents at all, because they work for an external enemy, hiding behind the mandate of a journalist in the same way that an FSB agent hides behind the church mandate of his branch in another country. The government must be obliged to neutralize such agents in accordance with international rules...
Faster than the ruble🤔
i wonder what this reporter is telling even locating in  Kyiv.
Russia needs to learn what it is like to be on the receiving end of war.
@0:29  what is with that Map? Russia currently "Permanently Occupies" 27% of Ukraine Territory. That Map doesn't reflect that.

And Crimea has been controlled by Russia for an entire decade. Is Al Jazeera English a US State Department Subsidiary?
why can't they wait for trump to be in office
Somebody should tell Poopster and his cronies that they’ve lost over 750,000 military personnel!!  Also, someone tell Pooper and his boys that interest rates in Russia are now 21% and inflation is over 10%!!  Oh yeah, the ruble is now worth, wait for it…….LESS THAN A PENNY!!  If you don’t see bankruptcy in your future with those numbers, YOU.  ARE.  BLIND.  Bye bye rooskies!!
Russian and Ukerine are two big fools just like hamas and Hez..
How on earth with their "advanced"weapons and systems lose to people fighting with shovels😂😂
Russia is a second rate country! Putin is Xi’s lap dog and nothing more! And when your best friend is North Korea with a population of 26,000,000 of which 20,000,000 are starving peasants. That says everything about them.
The monster Putin who has Islamic blood on his hands for ordering the killing of 1000's of our brothers and sisters in  Chechnya....
Stop the war in Ukraine.
I love how both sides continue to think that both are winning😂
Russia been weakened to the point Putin has drawn North Korea into battle and use of RCBM on Ukrainian territory. Exactly Americans intend is to weaken its natural enemy. Trumps plan will shock everyone but Putin and Zelensky will be friends again
Biden, if Russian missiles are at your doorstep then you will keep silent?
Poor guy in Keeeeeev cant say or report anything because Ukraine banned journalism, lol.
ruskie lies
For each drone, Zelensky will ask a billion dollars more
Whatever the truth is, one fact is indisputable. It's unwise and naive to believe anything that Moscow says.
So zelensky downgrades from missiles to drones after facing a real missile 😂😂😂
How can you side with Palestinians and Ukraine? It doesn't make sense, the same people fuelling the war in Palestine are the same people fuelling the war in Ukraine
Little foolinsky clown 🤡 will cry like baby 👶 the Ukrainian people are being sacrificed for him and his criminal government.
in English Kyiv is pronounced Kiev. Just like for example Paris is not pronounced Parri in English. Lisbon is Lisboa in Portuguese. I will continue to call Kyiv Kiev.
There needs to be a independent commission to investigate those who lead the world into this pointless conflict.
Correspondent must learn not to quote western figures when reporting about Russian forces , because they do not have a clue and they use numbers to give the impression that they do.
kursk is the graveyard of ukrainean special forces . zelensky will be court martialled for that .
Ukraine is lying. Russia is going to get your country because you use the United States weapons in Russia.
Glory aan oekraïne
When you see two neighbouring countries fighting, know that america has visited one of them. (Nelson Mandela)
So Zelensky and Ukrainian are still doing this nonsense?
When you see two neighbouring countries fighting, know that america has visited one of them. Nelson Mandela
Ukraine always lying each and everyday,Slava Russia
Bravo Russia
☪ I heard the Messenger of Allah say: Lands shall be thrown open to you and Allah will suffice you (against your enemies), but none of you should give up playing with his arrows. << Sahih Muslim 1918a >> 🌙
Russia 
  Alhamdulillah
False information 😂😂😂
Dont step on the dirty traps
Wir kennen die wahren Terroristen
Pootin
Pootin
Putin is a legend
Good morning, Warning!!!! Putin is crazy man and manipulator!!!! That is all, bay from Europe 🔥🤕🇷🇺😜👿👿🇷🇺
Putin is a thug wearing a suit.
Zelensky a puppet of isreal , as is uk and usa, Russia should know who the real enemy is.
Hong Kong students did not launch a war or prepare to launch a nuclear war! They were imprisoned by the Chinese government for the crime of endangering national security! Then Russia’s Putin launched an invasion war and prepared to launch a nuclear war! Faced with this crime that truly endangers national security! Should the Chinese government arrest Putin?
Putin da hero❤❤
Real putin ma men..
Putin gentleman world class hero ❤
NATO wanted this war and they want to keep it going, they get rich whille people die.
Zelensky is an idiot/a huge fool/one responsible for destroying his own country and allowing his people being killed for no reason!! Still refusing to understand that rmhe is being used by the Americans for their own goals!!
Most of the world sees the current situation through Russian eyes,,mr Putin has support everywhere
Man, the Russian bots are working overtime here. Maybe if Putin didn't invade Ukraine this wouldn't be happening. Now he either has to back out and look weak, or escalate it further and look dead.
Russian are more mature than usa about nuclear power.....usa showing neuclear button every time spider man line true for Russia gret power gives more responsibility.....
100 % Bidens fault !!!
Ok russia president putin can tested from thailand😅
Don't mess with Mr Putin. He means what he says n says what he means.
E.U PROVED TO BE FOOLS.😅😅😅😅
YOU ARE AT THE LIKE OF SIGHT FOR A HIT.

Putin never BLUFFS
😎 Что-то странное происходило с руками Путина, пока он делал репортаж о ракете «Орешник»
Во время своей 7-минутной речи, посвященной новой российской ракете «Орешник», Владимир Путин ни разу не пошевелил руками, которые на видео он держит на столе перед собой.  На это обратил внимание журналист Bild Юлиан Рёпке, который регулярно анализирует то, что происходит вокруг войны на Украине.  Руки Путина стоят перед ним как будто склеенные, а его туловище и мышцы лица двигаются. 
Обычно во время выступлений Путин часто жестикулирует.  Поэтому предположение журналиста заключается в том, что, возможно, видео было смонтировано и обездвиженные руки были "прикреплены" к телу.
Причина - скрыть волнение диктатора, предполагает он.  Примечательно, что уже на следующий день, 22 ноября, на совещании с руководством Минобороны Путин уже в своей обычной манере жестикулировал и шевелил пальцами по простыням.
Путин угрожает всему миру, но сам он даже руками управлять не может из-за страха и беспокойства, считает Рёпке.
На сайте Актуально
подробнее: Украинский депутат: Путину надо засунуть себе в задницу "Щелкунчика".  Мы не боимся!   👍
Привет из Болгарии 😎 !
3 days is more similar to your again mistake!! have a collections of what you said you cannot make it Putin again.
I don't understand a man starts.A war kills men women and children and he gets praise...??????
Pray for peace and protect the innocent people.
Putin invaded a sovereign state.
The one thing I can agree with in his statement is that he considers himself entitled.
I’m anti American imperialism… and very Pro Palestine…. So why do people support this man? He is also an imperialist… Ukraine is a sovereign nation just as Palestine is. I support them both as should anyone. Pretending any global superpower is good while others are bad is the same as what the west is doing.
Don't take his patience for a weakness.
Where is the cowards of the west!
The hypocrites are just tucking their tails under their legs. 
May god bless you Putin for putting people in their places. I guess that’s why your name is “😊PUTIN”
YOU ARE SELLING AND SENDING ALL KIND OF WEAPONS TO ALL POOR AFRICANS TOO. YOU MAY NOT KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE GOT KILLED BY THOSE WEAPONS
Did he just threaten the US and UK?
End is near be prepared
Yuppp , he not bluffing .
Car skazal zdelal  🎉
He is wright, he is fighting satan in the flesh.
Russian Ruble 😭😭
Sorry Russia, the US government has been hijacked by maniacs
А ничего, что на видео пальцы и руки ни разу не пошевелились? И это только фрагмент 7-минутного виде.  А при увеличении картинки в нижней части галстука - видно, что фотомонтаж рук. Держат людей за дураков. А они - лайк ставят этому видео:)
Should the west just allow this monster to invade whatever country he wants? That question is for all the Russian bots in this comment section 🤡🤡
This monster's ego is what will cause ww3
🇷🇺❤️
✊🏽 🇷🇺
He's shaking in his clogs
I found out for the first time why this war is happening. I am sorry my country lied.  I sincerely hope this will be over soon.
Gentleman.
He did what was best for his motherland.
It's a huge responsibility.
After all, he didn't joke or gossip like other leaders!
The west will learn a very expensive lesson
Love you Putin ❤
Дядя Вова  делай вещи
Russia has every right to defend itself
I hope the west is listening to this great statesman properly. Not he is escalating, but the west with their dishonest and foolish policy.
Russia has right to defend itself from NATO
Great leader ❤❤❤
Where is Donald Trump? He said he would end this war.
Long live Russia
Putin is attacking Ukraine. Ukraine fighting back. Putin is basically hitler.
All rigged on both sides, it’s to weaken Europe . No one is that stupid! I don’t think a single human has been killed from war. If you have you are no longer human.
❤❤❤❤❤
The Ukrainians will be thrown ‘under the bus’ by the West, they picked a fight with Putin and they have suffered the consequences. Meanwhile Ukraine will lose land and lives and driven into poverty for the next 40 years while the Western Governments extract interest and resources from them. Lesson never pick a fight with the biggest guy in the bar if you are relying on a  gang called ‘NATO’ to support you, they are inly interested in self preservation.
I wouldn’t trust Amerikkka… and I wouldn’t trust Putin even more …
He glued his hands to the table.
Russian power f....      West.
Putin is King. Long live  🇷🇺
Dont you cry zelensky.... 
Lmao
One of the greatest leaders of our time...
🇷🇺❤🎉 aooorrrraaaaa
Mr putin is just like abu ubeida in a way.. Just gives chills👌
Putin is the most respected Leader of the Free World. He has the Right to Act & do whatever it takes to keep the World a Safe Place for Russians & Humanity.
Wow this just tells me PUTIN IS NOT WITH THE ILUMINATI ELITE..  he is own man!! I love that ❤ whether good bad or indifferent.
RUSSIA HAS A RIGHT TO DEFEND ITSELF ❤
Just to get more lands while russia is already the biggest country. And lot of people applaud this monster.
West is using Ukraine. Ukraine future is dull. This war hit Ukraine soul deeply. But US and west don't make a strong strategy to solve this big problem by peaceful way.
I can see he is still cool but don't test him... The F war started because of Nato expansion which not suppose to be happened. Now the special operation by Russia are still same don't poke the bear to call it a war... They have more advance weapons and crazy friends just waiting to crush the west.
Putin is a patient man. I respect him a lot for that.
*War in the Middle East, enmity, weapons, weapon exporters Russia, America, India, France, the biggest terrorists, Netanyahu and Biden, Putin and the poor, Modi.*
Solidarity with the president and people of the Russian Federation. Thank you for protecting us from Western domination.
Putin looks very tired.
If youve any courage as people say teach israel a lesson then talk ! You don't even dare to speak against the.😂
F off no war
Ukraine should be thankful that Russia isn’t using the zionist playbook
Russia ❤ India
The world is now depending on putin's patience towards USA and NATO's ridiculous provocations since NATO offered Ukraine to be its member (but nato DECLINED ukraine membership proposal as soon as ukraine attacked russia and be doomed).
The reality check.
Putin: I am getting old and in last years of my life why should i die while rest of the world will enjoy, let's die all. 🥲
This is a real leader not a comedic tv actor trying to be a leader. Putin has walked  the walk and talked the talk.
bravo.
Allora tu puoi usare uomini della corea e ucraina non può fare nulla???
Apparte che tutti voi dovreste essere rinchiusi detto questo sei patetico Putin.
Guarda che non ci vuole niente per considerati terrorista perché non puoi continuare a tenere le persone anzi i popoli sotto scacco del nucleare.
Dalla ragione stai passando al torto.
Peace please through diplomacy. The west have been war mongering for centuries- it needs to stop.
Benjamin is the real war criminal.
We do not share the views of our government and putin knows this please sir do not punish us over the actions of the people who steal from us
From th Indian epic, the Mahabharata, about Krishna and Shishupala:  Once Yudhisthir, eldest brother of Pandavas organised a famous Rajasuya yagya. He invited many kings and princes. Shishupal too was invited. When Shishupal saw Krishna there he began hurling abuses at Krishna. Krishna remained quiet. Finally, when Shishupal uttered his hundredth abuse, Krishna turned to him, took his sudarshan chakra and flung it towards Shishupal. The chakra cut off Shishupala’s head and the crowd cheered.
🫡
Sukkel
His hands not move??
TRUMP IDEA TO CHANGE THIS😮 THIS IS A GAME 🎮 THEY MAKING A DRAMA TO ARREST OF NATHAN YAHU BUT THEY TAKING OVER GAZA THE SETTLERS COMING IN ALREADY
Vive la grande Russie et son peuple de vaillant ❤
These things would happen surely .. sooner or later
US is dragging Europe into war with Russia. Everyone that doesn't see it is blind on both eyes. They have been war mongers and they still are.
Brace for escalations before Trump takes office. They want to ensure the war doesn't end under Trump.
Agreed with Mr putin love from pakistan 🇵🇰
notice how he said the 'elites' of those countries not government officials.
The only reason the world is still in one piece is because of the extraordinary patience this man has, compared to the louts in the west.
Woow
So many bots here 😅
Zelensky is a pathetic and weak leader who dances to America’s tune and whilst he and his family are all safe, happy and well fed, ordinary Ukrainians are suffering.
What a weasel
One of the newest?!?! How many more do you have Mr Putin?
The real Hero.
If the world wants peace. must stand with Russia .
The perpetrator getting annoyed at more resistance and threating to burn the planet down. Sounds a bit desperate
you can hear his dentures clicking
The western government is always poking other leaders and later label them evil
✌️
America has always downplayed Russian defense capabilities. We need peace ✌️
Target Izrael mr. Putin 😊
Why would you cut such a small part out of that complete video of his? A lot of ppl, specially in europe needed to hear it.
He Is A War Criminal 
Don't Understand Why People Fall For Him
Sure West Is Bad
But Putin Ain't No Saint
He Is Another Devil
Putin 🔥🔥🔥
My MAN 🇷🇺🇮🇷🇰🇵
love russia❤
Scary that so many comments here support war and invasions....Just because Russia invaded Ukraine, does not mean Putin is frendly...he is just another Military Industrial Global Complex war machine.
ফিলিস্তিনের গাজা ও লেবানোন ও ইয়েমেন ও সিরিয়া গণহত্যার বন্ধ করুন
His patience is superhuman level
Look at the tie in middle where his hands are.
*If the rulers of the Arab World could speak and do to Israel as this man did to the West...*
Совет. Если вы увидите ядерный взрыв, даже если он далеко, постарайтесь быть в одежде белого цвета. Вспышка от ядерного взрыва такая мощная, что ткань окрашенная в темный цвет ( даже незначительный рисунок) поглотит это излучение и кожа получит сильнейший ожог. Белый цвет отразит излучение и вы избежите ожоги. Всем добра и мира.
Typical Russian, always whining
Putin is just a coward
Biden and his administration should step down immediately!
The face of evil
United snakes is going to ruin the europe.
He's pulled out Russia's top strategic weapons against the ATACMS designed as artillery pieces in the late 80's 😅
✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼
Jesteś zwykłym degeneratem putin
Hi bro
Russia has the right to defend itself
Over 1000 days threatening everybody. He is a joke now 😂
🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
West is pushing humanity to edge
Which all countries to test their missiles.. take one side of war.. start testing live on war fields, new dictim
Long live russia and putin, respect from muslim..❤❤❤
For the truth must read the book "Exposing Putins Lies"
СЛАВА РОССИЯ 🇷🇺
From : Việt Nam 🇻🇳 - ВЬЕТНАМ
i  love  you  putin    🇧🇩🇧🇩 💞
Rusko ❤❤❤❤❤Česko
I am afraid of biggest bomb russia has,  Tzar with 100KT yield. Is Ukrain pm still joking to play with them.
god save president putin
Слава Путину❤
🇺🇸🇺🇦🪖💪🏻🦅💣💥
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤡🖕🏻🇷🇺
Free Palestine and Ukraine

We dont need you Mr. EVIL you're evil as benjamin pooptanyahu 😈
How stupid this america and britain.
Media in EU: "In addition to the content, the clip also attracted a lot of attention due to the unusual position of Putin's closed palms on the table."
President Putin, as you have seen with our recent presidential election, we, the American people, do not seek war with Russia amd strongly disagree with our current administration. We look forward to peace, growth, and prosperity for all. Please make your current decisions accordingly. Thank you.
power
You are a war criminal. Ukranian's will remain free and democratic. You will never succeed. Slava Ukraini. 🇺🇦 🇺🇦 🇺🇦 🇺🇦 🇺🇦
Russia can’t even defeat Ukraine, how is he gonna defeat the west?
In EU all news outlets are peddling: why he didn't nove his hands 😂and that its lips synchronized😂 they spot this but 4years, NOONE reported on Bidens Cogn.decline until Demn decided he can't run 😂 happy we atleast have X
❤❤ Putin
Вызываем огонь на снбя😊
Русские долго запрягают, но потом очень быстро едут. В данном случае около 3 км в секунду.
Biden and some others playing with fire is serious is not jok
Most Indians support Russia
A lot of russian bots here
The vulnerable man is a father to all souls. A moral of human universes. ❤
What a hypocrite, he just stroke massively Ukraine says prior, and west  just responded, now russia respons on respond😐
ya Allah help Putin and his country very kind man
Did anyone seen the footage. That's speed of that thing is scary . ISREAL have the same and advanced ICBM . I hope they don't use to anyone. UAE and suadi still looking for build next biggest building for rich Europeans  SMH
Fun fact: Rome created the ICC 😉
Много е остарял. Лицето му е сиво. Косата му е боядисана. Зъбите му са равни и не са неговите. Бръчките по лицето му са се увеличили.
Fake hands
Please Putin, don't kill us. We just have incompetent leaders.
The Alpha male have spoken!!
Well they have a right to defend themselves
Bunker grandpa looks worried
I thought Ukraine was the one fighting for peace? Then why did Ukraine escalate the war?
Бить по сша сильнее чтоб было больнее, другой язык они не понимают!
Nuclear  Putin that's   refery   tomorrow  stands dard
i scare
He's not bluffing
USA, UK and UE government are such a shame for us. Putin is not as stupid as them and won’t let this provocation to pass without consequences. He has too much patience honestly. Telling this as polish citizen-we don’t want war, our stupid governments are barking and they want to pull us in the open confit. We don’t want that. Russia is not our enemy, our government is. Hopefully Trump will calm down situation after idiot’s Biden decision to escalate not their war
Biden is brain dead at 80 he doesn't know what he's doing
He's so tired 😢
,😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Putin ist der king 💪
Cool Man mr president putin
Comments be like stupid nonesense:
Russia = OK to shoot missiles in Ukraine & Get help from other allies (North Korea - China - India)
Ukraine = NOT OK to shoot in Russia & Get help from other allies (EU - USA)

It is EU that has been PATIENT if anything not to fireback missile attacks FROM 2 YEARS back and ongoing.
and DEFENDING your own country is NOT ESCALATION and NEVER will be...
Gotta love how Russia as as if ITS getting attacked,,,
He doesn't look very good
I don’t think he’s bluffing
Bla bla bla, sh... of piece
Putin, a man of courage and patience
Everyone understands that Biden makes no decisions at all. A shadow government has been running the U.S. Trump will get things in order.
The patience this man have… yall dont understand
Russia has lots fire power than any nation.
❤️🇮🇷❤️🇵🇸❤️🇷🇺❤️🇱🇧❤️🇾🇪❤️✊🏼☝🏼🕊️✌🏼🕊️✌🏼❤
He is not kidding
West and Amerika is a puppet
Why asian peoples hate european countries  because he created war specialy amrican Russia bear 🐻 is right
😊🙏
Mr Putin is a very wise man. He is blessed with wisdom.
bless you russia 🇷🇺🇷🇺
My sincere opologies from the uk our government are full of sh**
Putin speaks a bit more coherent than Biden. 😂
It’s Putins mess and he needs to back down. He should have never touched Ukraaine
CHEESE
The US will surely escalate.war is big moola.all about the money nothing else.
I think he is the best president in the world
Великой Руси не осталось больше
Love putin ❤❤
Biden is foolish man who will destroy america biden will be arrested by american police
ESPAÑA❤RUSIA
Putin is a war criminal
Putin ez la VRGA! VAMOS CON TODO MI XINGON!!!
He mentions nuclear weapons all the time because he's a f****** coward
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HIS PATIENCE!
Чертовски быстрый Орешик,бутто Зевс молнии пустил. Россия мощь тут даже споров нет, Америка тут даже рядом не стоит
My opinion has drastically changed over 3 years of watching Western leaders Pander to america, warmongering. I'm starting to think that Putin has a point. Biden is a numbskull in the most senile dilapidated old Care Home recipient you could even find. Pathetic
Putin ❤
Long live Russia
God help us all 🕊
Putin very angry
Protect Putin from himself!
UK 🇬🇧 loves Putin , sorry about our government 😢
Its we the people of the west will pay for those idiot political leaders we have who do not represent us.
Russian answer will be very dangerous.Understood?
Biden warmonger..  good riddance
Lord of the earth
The ruling elites he said, it’s very clear that there is no government. It’s is the wealthy people who control countries for a country is a company
Zelensky is playing with fire by dancing to the tune of Biden whose career is over and has nothing to lose.
Talking and Warnings = Fear and Weakness
Mr.Putin, God will save you and God with RUSSIAN people
Thank you americans.when your insanity is so severe you would rather have a destroyed world over money that you can't even bring to your grave and no descendants to enjoy them
Russia is weak,can't finish the war he started,,,
Kto seje vietor......vzdy zozne hurikan........a prehras.....ty dement......lebo nemas charakter ty rusoazijskomongolsky dement.😅😅😅😅😅
Ty si skoncil......Teraz bude Ukrajina v NATO.....a rusonacizmuss.......zozne svoju vojnu😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
Putin never jokes
Does this mean Israel can strike russia for supplying weapons to hezbollah and iran?
He means what he says, you can see it in the eyes..
🗣️ууууууууууураааааа 🗣️ ууууууууууураааааа 🗣️ ууууууууууураааааа 🇷🇺🏆🏆🏆🎖️🎖️🎖️❤💪❤️✌️
must be got upset about ICC ICJ ruling
he's exactly correct, this is not against entire nations but their ruling elites who involve in conflicts no one agreed
Mrš
Ma spizdi.nekam.debil
Ma utihn ze, gnoj
Crybaby
Vamos President Putin!!!
No more patience from Russians... they will see real russian shovels now lol
the zio-cultists will ignore this and invade anyways, believing themselves to be above any laws.
Putin should start looking behind his shoulders.
It seems they target facilities that hold Western specialists helping Ukraine. Generally, Russia avoids targeting Western advisors in Ukraine, but every time there is an escalation, they target them. I believe Russia can do more by providing weapons to groups in the Middle East to attack Western targets
Satanic West Vs Russia is a war between the secular democratic Judeo-Christian Zionism Vs Eastern Orthodox Christian Constantinianism. It is the apocalyptic war of Gog and Magog Vs the Third Roman Empire. Get ready for the Armageddon folks.
uraaaaa🎉🎉🎉🎉
The western warmongers seem determined to pursue war at any cost.
Great man 
West testing his patience
Putin 💪💪💪
Sartorial elegance. Netanyahu on the other hand always looks like a concierge in a two star hotel.
It's like invading someone's house and then justifying the killing of the occupants because they were trying to defend themselves
Yall go learn not to poke the bear when indeed the bear been trying to take a nap. Long live Mr Putin
Blah blah blah
Bravo hero Putin
The west and NATO are the true wickedness on this world they've showed us all this with GAZA
Granpa needs his pills and some sleep.
This.. is ai?
The patience this man Mr Putin shows is an admirable quality for a statesman ..May God protect and guide him ..Ameen
The real Lion King
Strong man ❤
Strong man.
Threats threats threats
The King the Boss The Emperor
Biden admin ruined Gaza and are close to causing a WW3 that could end all in minutes, not years.  Why do i have a feeling AIPAC is involved in this escalation?
Clearly was a warning shot.next time it will have a warhead in it. This needs to stop. Why we meddle in other counties wars is beyond me. Let’s reach a deal between both counties that saves lives which is more important than standing by principle.
That man mr putin means everyword he said his not bluffing
Если не поймут, то ядерная зима близко.
Vladimiromic Vlad Putin , you know you are losing you shouldn't start the war with  Ukraine anyway , loser😂
I am confused 6000 miles = medium range and 190 miles = long range.....
haha it didn't work
He believes he is fighting against America and the uk 😂😂😂😂😂
ጀግና መሪ አባት ሀገር እራሻ መሪ ፑትን
The missile used was an Oreshnik (Hazel) experimental hypersonic intermediate-range ballistic missile (IRBM) that strikes at Mach 10 speeds, making it impossible to shoot down. The IRBM used normal explosive munitions this time (bombarding a State Space Agency of Ukraine aerospace manufacturer called PA Pivdenmash in Dniper with deadly accuracy) but it could just as easily use nuclear munitions next time. This was a warning by Russia to the West that it's  not bluffing. Sadly, DC loonies won't stop with this crazy escalation spiral until they see a mushroom cloud. They still think that they can stop this madness at the last moment.
I love Putin from deep of my heart 🥰 🥰🥰
He looks stressed out and tired
LONG LIVE RUSSIA FOR THE WORLD THE SUPER POWER OF THE WORLD
Free Palestine
Hmmm..this is a clear message for western morons of which Aljezera is their puppet mouth piece
New chapter of war story
Biden rly tryna mess things up before Trump takes over
The West is going to interpret this as weakness and escalate further.
Just imagine if Republican Congress had impeached trump having twice the chance , Putin would know he has no ally in America… None of this would even be happening.
Puppet
What A Dirt Bag 🤫
True Russia didn't start it... It was America and Nato
Ummm nah u got ur asses whipped and embarrassed  by predicting the brave free people of 🇺🇦 would lay down but they put y’all on ur back heels 🇺🇸and NATO  gets more involved ur done p.s Crimea is Ukraine slava 🇺🇦🇺🇸💯🫡
Typical Russian propaganda 😂
Edited video 😂😂 next time try you best US.
Who laugh last laugh the best😊
Who laughs last laughs better.
How do you know Lavrov is lying.His lips are moving😊
😂😂😂😂 muppet
😂 laugh at yourself puppet 😡
The joke is on those who were laughing. They don't realise how brainwashed they were by the western media. It is indeed the US/NATO who provoked the war since 2014 and even earlier.
He's Putin's new chef😂😂😂
Absolutely buffoon 😂😂😂
The war started in 2014 guys grow up
Liar
What an absolute 🔔🔚💯💯💯
Can't even lie straight
Ukraine's Representative to UN suggests Lavrov may have already passed away
Lavrov's statement was valid.
Anything he says in the future is just dismissed
Why such little legs and a huge body .. looks like Gru from minions
Al is getting old already 😂
kako pricAti sa nekim ko nezna sta prica .
Lobrobber  stole tons and tons of grain in numbers of ships sold in the eyes of many... now bread crumbing ... who will now believe a liar with his gaslighting
Putin is your daddy. He also laughs when the media claims, Ukraine can win the war. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Delusional sums up this guy
Russia... The new and upcoming north Korea
😂😂😂😂😂
What a clown 🤡
The threat to Western families carries a very high ransom indeed.
This is edited in 😂
I wouldn't have said started but I would have said provoked😂
They think they are best people in the world 🌎 because? No clue. Egocentric
I don't think he understands what he's saying forgive him he just need a little bit more education about life in general as you can  see on his face he's not a very bright guy
Honestly, people only laugh at the Russians while Russians would not laugh at you 😢
It might be useful to recap some of the reason why  Russia is now an outcast : 

Russian interference in numerous elections and referendums in EU countries over the last decade; Russia's active disinformation campaigns across the EU; 

Russian-based cyber attacks targeting numerous EU countries; 

Provocative Russian military flights in and around EU and NATO airspace; 

Russia's interference with GPS navigation systems in Scandinavia; 

Russia's continued deployment of "peacekeepers" in Moldova despite that country's repeated requests that Russian troops be replaced with UN peacekeepers; 

Russia's 2008 war against Georgia and its continued occupation of some 20 percent of Georgian territory; 

Russia's 2014 annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region; 

Russia's intense involvement in the war in eastern Ukraine, which the ICC in November 2016 ruled "an international armed conflict between Ukraine and the Russian Federation"; 

Russia's obstructionism in implementation of the Minsk agreements to end the Ukraine conflict; 

Russia's role in acts of terrorism in the 2014 downing of a passenger airliner (Malaysia Airlines MH17) over Ukraine that killed 298 people; 

Russia's poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006; 

 Russia's attempted assassination of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal in Salisbury in 2018;

 among lots of other things to much to even list up ..  

  
NONE OF THIS ABOVE WAS SOMETHING  THE EU , THE USA OR EVEN NATO, FORCED OR TRICKED RUSSIA INTO DOING !!!                                   

RUSSIA’S INVASION OF UKRAINE in 2014 VIOLATED INTERNATIONAL LAW:
1. The Geneva Convention.
2. Charter of the United Nations
3. The Helsinki Accords
4. The Charter of the OSCE
5. Budapest Memorandum of 1994
6. Two Russia, Ukraine friendship treaties
7. International Convention on the Elimination of all forms of Racial Discrimination
8. European Court of Human Rights

Also could add Russia's involvement in the Middle-East by assisting Syria in providing weapons for Hamas. 
Russia has also had a part in various conflicts in Africa!
LAVROV IS AN EVIL 😈 LIAR WITH NO SHAME
it was in india but it wasnt the indians that laughed. They are not disrespectful like people from the west
What a liar. Russia invaded Ukraine. BULLSHIT.
Lavrov is a coward
He speaks the truth
What a clown, he is fully mad😂😂😂
What a joker.who made you a minister
He is a joker he do not know what he is speaking
Lavrov is like, “look, I know I’m FOS, but if I don’t say this I’ll end up falling out of a window or drinking some bad tea”.
The New comical Ali 😊
That hurt his little ego.
Just stop laughing and listen to the truth
Lord forgive them. They do not know what they are saying😅😅😅
I hope he does not have a wife and children! This would be too embarrassing for them😮
Ser what Linda Graham told with sincerety 
 . War îs for 10 12 TRILLION DOLARS  in row material who Ucraina have .
Lavrov like trump the same fraudster & liar.
🤡🤡
There wasn't anything he said that wasn't true. Americans need an education.
You'd be surprised how ignorant ,most people on the comment are..cos they been listening mostly to mainstream media and now they like fools, thinking they smart and know it all.lmao
Damn, what clowns this guy and his buddy Putin. Narrow minded weakmen
This cadaver has not appeared in public recently, wonder what he's up to.
old man like this lunatic keep sending young Russians to their death while they become richer and richer.
All of you laughing need an education. Russia's SMO began because of NATO's continued enlargement along Russia's borders. When they were warned to back off. At the same time, Ukraine was killing innocent, defenceless civilians in eastern Ukraine because they were of Russian decent despite that they had lived there for decades and contributed to Ukraine's economy. Back in 2014 Putin was willing to sign the Minsk Agreement but the US and the UK talked Ukraine out of signing it. The US wanted war and convinced Ukraine that Russia could be defeated. Now, to try and demonstrate to the US what it feels like to have a threatening force building up close to the US border, Russia has sent Ships and a nuclear sub  to Cuba, and guess what, .... the US is feeling very uncomfortable. The collective west has been the aggressor all along. Remember Nord stream??  Your problem is you have all been eating up the propaganda that Russia is the same old Soviet USSR. It isn't. Now Biden is calling up your brothers , fathers, sisters and uncles to fight in yet another war the US started. Are you willing to die for your government's BS and infantile decisions?  I pray that you will wake up.
Who is more Mad
Lawrow is a clown.
The idiots are those laughing in the crowd.

If they haven't realised that Lavrov was totally correct by now then they're even bigger idiots than I first imagined.
If the Russians wanted to put artillery guns in Isle of Wight I’m sure Britain would try to put a stop to it. It’s all hypocrisy.
Lavrov is a great politician. He has a lot of work experience, doing his job professionally. Journalists laughing is so disrespectful...
Он не клоун, он директор цырка
America  and  NATO started  the  f**King War Russia  will  end it get better  informed
Old  fart  krematory
Fun fact. they didn’t. War was already ongoing between the Azov (well know fascists) and the Donbas separatists.
That was still a justification of the invasion. A few months later Lavrov would deny that there was an invasion at all.   (!) First become non compos mentis, only then can you become a russki patriot!
Considering all the historic past events, Russia must attack Ukraine because otherwise the US behind Ukraine will soon attack Russia . In fact the actual war was provoked by the US.
First the US installed Zelensky on his siege. Then, Zelensky executed the US orders, attacked Donbas and Donetsk. Then, Russia responded, etc….
He’s like the idiot who lied on behalf of that other tyrant : Sadam Hussain. What a total prat.
He should face war crimes charges along with mad dog Putin
Only a mother could love it!🐷
Just like all Russians….. lavrov is full of shite
Laughed at by people watching cnn and believing it
Russia is drunk 😂.
He needs to locked up in an asylum . How can anyone take this idiot seriously
This is what happens when you sniff to many of your own farts. 💨
Wow
Clown
Lavrov is required to say this , he doesn't like to drink tea with Putin
This lying idiot needs to be held accountable for this war.
This is getting more absurd than the onion or south park.
Remember Liz truss her brief hold on power and quickly removed after she said "nuclear weapons are on the table";24 hours later, Russia crosses the Ukraine border
WHAT THEY LAUGHING ABOUT? IT WAS PROVOKED BY USA AND NOW THEY WANT THE WHOLE EUROPE AND NATO TO JOIN THIS WAR
Russia did not start the war, the azov Nazis did
The Russian alcoholic Bingo caller.
Dead corpse talking
Here,  we must thank mr.Lavrov. 
With the beginning of their illegal invasion against Ukraine, the man mentioned about the Cyprus issue and how all those western countries hypocrites are still have their eyes,ears and Mouths completely shut about
They didn't start the war....nato did by stockpiling weapons in Poland and Ukraine for 8 yrs straight....Russia warned them for years that they will intervene if it doesn't stop. Mr Lavrov is correct.   Russia has a right to defend itself.
Why stutter on your words..not very convincing
If Russia is trying to stop the war Russia started, then Russia sure aint trying hard enough! lol Dumb Russian Minister.
If Russia is trying to stop the war Russia started, then Russia sure aint trying hard enough! lol Dumb Russian Minister.
He is quite right
May not be obvious  at the time 
Ukraine is a puppet  of the west
Russia  has every right to protect its borders from Western hegemony
"wE aRe TRyiNg tO sToP wAr wiCh  wAsS LaUNchEd aGaiNst uS bY uKraiNe naZi wEsTerN gLobaLisT..."   🤡
What purpose does it serve to launch all those lies? What does he achieve?🤔
only a liar ... 🐷🦍🤡👹😈👺
What an idiot 😂
Should see the whole video for the truth
False
looooooooool
your nob
Arroganten Lachen doch immer.
Unseres Westen. Schau ?
Unseres Westen wo immer??
Recht hat auf der Welt.???
Talking like the Democrats, all lies.
This delusional old fart😂
Keep taking your pills, pal, or you will be in serious trouble mentally . Advice from Scotland
face of a devil
Trump, Putin,  All Dictators and the people around them Lie about everything to confuse people.  Whack a mole.
"El Conde de Drácula", 


el que lo entendió, lo entendió
Stupid bolthead
Clown🤡
Russian politician surprise on talking in a place where it is not an imprisonable offence for challenging his version of reality.
As an Indian.. i am saying we should laugh more louder
😂 and they call it a war now. No longer a special military operation ...
His 💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Assassinos. Loucos e ladrões. Slava UCRAINA.
Hahahaha 😆 😂 😆 😅
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Foreign minister is stupid to say this..Slava Ukraine..🇵🇭🇨🇦🇺🇦leave Ukraine the war will stop
This foreign minister might be suffering from dementia .
War was avoidable but was instigated by US.
He looks stupid
Whata f is that😅
I disagree with most comentators here.
This war started with an unfinished impeachment of the President. 
Sponsored by us tax dollars. 
There are tape records.
20 dollar in Indians laugh
This is one of the best minister of foreign affairs in the world. When this man talks pay attention because he knows more than the propaganda your country has been feeding you. The west is the empire of lies for a reason ! They lie to their citizens, they lie about democracy etc … everything
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦
His mouth is moving... he must be lying 😂😂
He is telling the truth
You are responsible for the war..😂😂..🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
He’s right.  Russia didn’t start it but I guess if you believe everything the mainstream media media tells you, it would be funny.
Lavrov bumped his head very hard at a really young age. From the looks of things, his face took the brunt of the trauma.
He might win the Perrier award this year.His comedy routine is as good as Mick Miller.
Another dud from the empire of lies. Long live Lavrov. Long live Russian Federation.
Most of these comments if not all are coming from the same place of hate.
Dementia
Is he now in some kind of circus show? When you must lie to your self
This clown Laughrov is a war criminal! He will face The Hague at the end!
This is true for the people who analize those issues without having chosing any sides and without watching TV.
The war in Ukraine was started by the US and NATO in 2014 by deposing a dully elected president and installing a globalist puppet that would allow NATO weapons to threaten Russia.
No one believes this LIAR.
Educate yourselves please
Guess when you tell a lie enough you believe your own bs.
Russia, we are not afraid of you or your c***** nuclear weapons. You don't have the balls to use them.
They're line of b*******, never ends, just bullshit all the time.
🤡
adin abman..😂😂😂😂❤😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
stupid people laughing that don't know the facts
Free Ukraine! 🇺🇦
Is he still alive ? This doughnut 🎃
Hes at least speaking facts. I just cant belive how can people still belive in zelensky and westren stories. You can lie people about that but u cant change reality. Russia is literally winning against nato in ukraine thats reality and thats truth
He speaks of NATO expansion and he is right.  Biden is a war pig.
What a waste of good air
Sviňa
Poor old Herman Munster
Lavrov is an IDIOT.
Lavrov needs to retire into his little world.
🤣... good luck Russia !.
What a fool
Wat een stomme clown zeg misschien had deze kleine jonge beter moppen topper kunnen worden dan had hij misschien wel een keertje kunnen winnen
He must have Dementia!
Brainfu****, brainfu****, brainfu****.
Shame on you. Shame to russia. Go to the frontline and fight for yourself you unfeeling naZi.
Ryssland börja kriget..
To be fair though, Ukraine did make it illegal to speak Russian in the country, they also engaged in war crimes back in 2014 against the civilians in the Donbas region. So you know, maybe he isn't so laughable.
KGB agent Lavrov
He is a llkgb agent
He is absolutely right, the US caused this war
Where's the lie?
*US and NATO on the Verge of Causing Nuclear War - Sergey Lavrov*
I have found the comments from Russia far more factual & honest than those of the West, especially the media.  The Biden Administration is responsible for the current Ukraine / Russia war.  The warmongers blocked a proposed 2022 peace treaty, and gave Zelinsky billions to feed his young men into the bloodbath.  Now with 600k Ukrainian dead, several times that crippled, Europe, with no military to speak of, is talking of sending troops to Ukraine.  Instead of dealing with their domestic problems, such as the Muslim takeover of their countries. Insane .

Putin is no threat to the west, attempting to recreate the buffer countries of the USSR.  Having been invaded twice, and losing 24m in WWII alone, his actions are strategically understandable.
Fools are laughing 🤣
Multi rich brainwasher🎉🎉🎉
One day he will be held to account
These kremlin clown know no shame. Every accusation by them is in fact a CONfession
It takes two to fight just incase you're fully enrolled in the autism spectrum, for years and 3 presidents of the usa they've told Ukraine to figure things out with its neighbour before it turned ugly...
Unbelievable what a 🤡
His owner speaks through him
Viv RUSSIA !!!!
You can always tell a Russian, but you can’t tell him much🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
What a lemming he is.  Nothing but total bollocks from this idiots mouth.
Ukraine broke their 1991 & 2015 treaties with Russia, with the West egging it on.  This is true.  Laughter does not prove anything.  More often than not, it’s what liars do.
Jokes on you guys, as it is a US proxy war, all you snowflakes are being taken for a big ride - you are victims of war propaganda
Do those tiny legs hold up that huge body?
There was once an easy girl who offered her physical services for money, then later she said she was raped
black Rock in da house
A talking horse giving comedy a go
India laughs
What will his grandchildren think of him ?
😂😂😂😂
Imagine watching vice lmfao
Very clever man and out spoking
GOAT!🇷🇺👏👏👏
He is on another planet ❤😂
Living mummy😮
i have a feeling that lavrov is a cool funny dude in his personal life lol
Lavrov's face reminds me an horse
Lavrov in Russian translates to comedian and boy is he funny 😂 what a double act him and putler are! 🥳🤣
Украина Х всосала, Украине было мало.  Всем народом растерзали, по кусочкам разобрали. Украины нету больше.
 Есть лишь лозунг у США "Мы поможем не спеша!''
Why would Putin start a war in 2014 when Putin had a signed, sealed, delivered, agreement signed by Zelensky, Angela Merkel and Putin! Zelensky started the war on Russian  border fired two shots from a tank and Russia wasted that Tank!!!! All Zelensky had to do was leave those Regions alone in Ukraine! Zelensky got greedy wanted those Regions back those regions asked Putin to send in soldiers.
anybody against what he says is a fascist! no need for US citizens to comment. i already know u are.
كيف
Funny Liar..foreign minister of russia..😂😂😂
🤡
People laughing must be the uneducated, dumb and misinformed. Likely american or the British
🥚😂🥚Russian war criminal putin invaded Ukraine the world has seen it on TV . This guy got brain damage 😂
The ignorant can laugh. It is a tragedy set up by the West
NATO started the war.
he's been lying for so long and so hard now that he himself has started to believe in those lies 💔.
Stupid fools. 😢😢😢
Russians are just slaves of putin all that glory from WW2 is gone
Himmler is alive 😂😂😂
Thing is he is 100% spot on. NATO and CIA started this war..using just 1 example (just 1 there are many) West broke Minsk agrrement several times.
This seems edited, regardless Russia will have last laugh as the truth comes out Russia is right and West again on wrong side of history just like in Iraq….
Lavrov meant to say, “Ukraine made us nervous, so we invaded.  Of course this is their fault.”
He's suggesting that since the Soviet Union collapsed AKA Russian NATO. America and NATO agreed not to push East well America and NATO did push East all the way to Ukraine NATO rolled the dice knowing that Russia didn't want NATO on their doorstep AKA Ukraine
You hum it Sergi, we will sing it 😂
Now who's laughing 😂😂😂
He's got a similar memory as Biden.
What a total TOSSER! lying through his back teeth!
History tells Dictators never succeeded
This is the brain off no brains cells think he’s putins brother 🤔
Liar
What an idiot
Hahaha 😆 😅😅😅😅😅.
Sad  old alcoholic
Western losing war... Badly
Lavrov was such a smug POS when he visited his man Trump at the White House. Never again.
Understandable hysterically laughing after pretending for the years, that truth is a lie, and lie is a truth, and you have to maintain your job, by following and spreading lies... And you start to live a lie... Because you are a hostage of lies... Lie is your life... And reaction to truth is aggression or laughter
Influence influence and influence Mr Criminal still says Ukrine invaded Russia
Liar.
Idiot he is one of the master brain in starting russia ukraine. War
Yet there are still people that believe this bufoon.
😂😂😂what a clown...he believes his own jokes.
Clown från hitlertiden
He sounds like Republican politician lies as fuk
Loved this guy when his name was Baghdad Bob
Ukraines Gangsters started it.  ..
Remember when the US invaded Iraq looking for WMDs lol…..
he is right Russia did not start this war, 2014 Ukranian president is overthrown with the help of USA. 2015 the new regime is shelling civilians in east ukrain killing them because they want to seperate, Russia warns ukranian regime to stop killing civilians they dont listen Russia starts special operation !   im sick and tired of uneducated people spreading hatred towards russia and propaganda western media is a joke fake news
I believe he has DEMENTIA...
The whole world laughs everyday at Biden’s speeches 🤡
That moment when a comedian makes a  joke but doesn't laugh.. and Then he doesn't laugh....
Si serás, si serás……
Test
You telling me that is not ok to put ballistics missiles in Cuba from Russia because is too close to attack USA but is ok to put ballistic missiles in Ukraine from USA? So Russia doesn’t have the right to defend itself no pos WOW 😂😂😂😂😂 Russia not that dumb or ignorant s
There's an academic argument for this starting in 2014. Don't let that get in the way of a good laugh tho, its good for the soul.
totally not added laughing sound effect, lol.
He is not wrong for saying that.
I once owned a lizard.
Hi Folks,
        Vlad, I see that you Foreign Minister suffers from the same disease that our President might be suffering from.  It is the scariest of all diseases:  It's the belief in one's Propaganda.  Really?  The Ukraine rolled tanks, armored personnel carriers, and how many divisions how many hundreds of kilometers into Russia, when?
        I seem to have missed that news flash.
        It only makes his memorized lines sound more unbelievable 
        You should retire this Minister before he mistakes you for Novalny.
Oh you
What a clown
The war was started in 2014 by Ukraine and the real victims were the Eastern Ukrainians especially the people in Donbas. I bet those protesters doesn’t have a clue about that.
The smartest diplomat in the world.
Yes they kill and lie but hey, look what a nice subway they have. Russia is and always was run by clowns.
😂😂😂😂😂😅🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤡🤡🤡🤡
Lavrov is a world respected diplomat- one of the world’s top diplomats. He recognize that the US FUNDED COUP in 2014 was the start of an operation to divide, weaken and topple Russia.
buaaaakkkkk😂😅
😁😂😁
If your laughing at what he said your ignorant of the circumstances of the conflict.
bwahahahaha😂
😂😂😂😂😂
He has a point. Who surrounded who. Read history
The US is definitely winning the public relations war.  The war on the actual battlefield?  Not so much.
Buhuuuu
Watch the entire interviews - instead of snippets taken out of context to justify Russofobia - and THEN create your OWN opinion.
Damn clown!
Yeah.  I totally understand
Because Japan was forced to do pearl harbor attack, so its USA's fault for making japan attack Pearl harbor.  😂
Looks like mostly BOTs in the comments.
Duzhe xhy
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
He is right the west threw Ukraine under the bus
Remember when vice wasn’t owned? Now it’s all radical left agenda propaganda lol.
Lavrov is right, this war started in Brussels. The coup d'etat on Victor Yanoulovitch was co-orginized with EU peoples with huge bags of "lure money", the EU looked away when Kiev pro EU succesor were barbaric murdering the eastern ethnic Russian Ukrainians with they're swastica decorated uniforms who did never agreed with eliminating also THEY'RE democratic elected President! One fanatic sociopath Guy Verhofstadt in particular, screaming on the barricades of Maidan Plaza. But actually started with the expansionisme after Russia seized the all Warschau pact Nations. That was the time to stop with Nato as well, but instead they €€€€€ expand....started already 30 years ago!
Slava Ukraine!
He is using western rhetoric 😅 they don't appreciate it. If that was Tony Blair there wouldn't be a problem 😂
Go home, Russia. You’re drunk.
😂omg
Clown 😂😂😂
He's only joking!!!
Indian media is misinformed. Russia did not invade. They intervened in an ongoing genocide against ethnic majorities in eastern Ukraine. This was a USA initiated civil conflict that quickly escalated into a full-scale proxy war against Russia. It has evolved into a conflict that the West can not win. Lavrov is a highly respected diplomat throughout most of the free world regardless of western mainstream hubris.
Fake video. No one can laugh when this man talks
Everyone knows Ukraine mainly NATO started the war.
Little does everyone know USA is using Ukraine as a proxy to strike Russia....
See you  in USA  Supreme Court  BIGO !!!
Here’s Joe bidens long lost Brother.he’s the one what can string a sentence together.
I wonder if Ukraine laughing now and Boris Johnson
I needed a good laugh today. 😂
https://youtube.com/shorts/uVPI7jMORfk?si=gRDXO8zEFLoB-rle
Everyone here is a joe biden puppet it seems. No one talking about pre-2021. This war has been going on since 2014 started by...the US. Who would have thought.
*crowd starts laughing*
Minister: "I'm getting sent to the gulag for this, I just know it."
Fool.
That's why people of Russia trust people in Kreml. 😂😂
The war.... Eerrrrr... Which we are trying to stop. Oof he nearly disclosed himself.
Awww, looks like someone put some peanut butter on Uncle Ed’s lips again
The 2014 Ukraine Coup beginning Terrorise Ukraines
Russian speaking people. 
Reasons:
1) To Make European Economy go to the DOGS HOUSE and 
2)  do the same with Russia Economy. 
3) WIPEOUT Middle Class
4) Make Everything more expensive and make Everybody POORER.

They are 75% Already there.
What about Ukraine? 
 Ukrainian PATSIES? Who cares?
Peace is good for people but is CATASTROPHIC news for  "Anglo-Saxon's" Stock Market investors, 😭
   The frequency, 149.200 call sign 'VOLGA' to give chance to survive.....
   Most  people believe we should have Peace by End of October.
   Every day having Peace save over 600 Ukraines soldiers life and some Russian too.
é ou não é um nojo de homem este Lavrov?
No they didn’t laughed at him, they asked at the liberal news reporter who asked him a question to which he replied in his usual sarcasm, and the people responded to his dark joke that he made on the reporter . This happened when he visited India and i was there when this happened
Lavrov is more of a comedian than Zelensky was.
Debielke😅
So strange the west think the history of Ukraine and Russia started in February of 2022
HAPPY MANY PEOPLE AROUND THE WORLD CAN SEE RUSSIA'S BS FROM A MILE AWAY!!
Lavrov is more dangerous than Putin - he's a genius and doesn't just say nonsense.  

Ukraine isn't innocent - Zelinsky has a shady past, his popularity fell to 22% after being elected and changing all his campaign promises - dismantled trade unions, privatized state assets, deregulated labor laws, fiscal austerity, given into blackmail by extremist groups, shut down TV channels (demanded only pro-government propaganda) and corruption has thrived.  Zelinsky is corrupt.  

Look to other news sources outside America instead of believing what you're spoon fed - the US has already given 130,000,000,000 reasons why it supports Ukraine.  You don't think they're skewing public perception 😂?!?
is this canned laughter nothing would surprise me
LavRoll and his stand-up comedian act us an attempt at a new career. 

Dont bother, after he is prosecuted at The Hague, he wont see daylight for 30 years.
Is it fake or not?
Laughrov. Putins public stooge. But hey, he gets millions of dollars for it legally and illegally. So for him its worth it.
American did
It must be embarrassing having to spout that nonsense on behalf of Putin!
Fact is they are winning they just dont want to push nato to far as they dont want that war fact
He reminds me of Lurch from The Adams Family 😂😂
Nato started this war using Ukraine as an excuse....
Cos attacking ethnic Russians for 10 years and killing 10,000+ is fine, and should never have been interfered with.
#Donetsk
GOD BLESS Mr  Lavrov  with good health, long life and more success.❤🇷🇺🇷🇺❤
Bullshittah mate
the crown laughing its fake rofl. s
top spreaking lies
Go russia.
He's right,,,the USA forced this war on them
Ukraine will fight till last Ukraine men or women...or teens
Wow the bare face cheek of the man 🤦
Is he from Bizarro-World?
He's right they didn't.
Invaders!
Poetin pays him well
What is funnier is that Lavrov is right and the people who are laughing have zero insight of the reasons why the ukranian conflict happened.
The conflict in Ukraine started with the coup in Ukraine what was backed by american interest, the separatist parts of Ukraine were the proof that not the whole country was eager to join to the west and when Zelensky ignored the minsk agreements he did it because America gave him its support to do that, so sure, Russia "invaded" Ukraine but America was not interested in Ukraine and Russia making peace AT ALL.
The american interest still is to use Ukraine to weaken Russia and to separate Europe from Russian energy and influence, it has nothing to do with the independence of Ukraine, and you will all see this when America will back from supporting Ukraine in the near future because it will no longer serve american interest, just as America did in Afghanistan.
I mean it is just hard to watch that America did the same exact thing in the middle east in several countries where they created conflicts to "divide and rule" and to get resources and put pressure on countries, but when it happens in Europe, suddenly everyone forgets what America did in the past to benefit itself at the cost of whole regions.
I am not shifting blame from Russia to America by the way, i do not have double standards, if i have to condemn Russia for its actions then i have to use the same moral values when i judge the collective west too, so i cant pretend that Russia was unprovoked to start military action against Ukraine because i am not blind to american interest in the region.
oxygen thief
What a complete clown 🤡 🤣 😂
As usual trumps buddy stated "alternative" facts.
The laughers obviously did not see the Naz! overthrow of the legitimate Ukraine government in 2014. The Russian speaking Ukrainians of the east did not agree to their president being overthrown. They were then shelled indiscriminately by the western backed Ukraine Naz!s 2014 to 2022. Russia went in to stop the Woman babies and children being slaughtered.
He is right though.
Russia didn't Ukraine for last 9yrs had been ethnically cleansing ukrainans of Russian descent and azov troops still at it. So Russia protects them
Molotov's grand-nephew. The country that gave us Yezhov "the bloody dwarf" and Beria, the serial pedophile/rapist.
Of course it was that President of US who is killing Ukrainians to weaken Russia.  In this way Ukrainians are sacrificed, for the sake of Americans.
Wonder if he's gonna walk around with his fake a$$, right hand ready, KGB walk. What an idiot
.... 100+% FACT" Mr Lavrov .... !
Russia's Pinocchio
Well I heard Ukraine has been attacking Donbass for 8 years? idk Donbass is part of Russia or not
All who laugh is just 🐑🐑🐑see you in winter 2023-2024😂😂😂
Not sure I fully understand the Ukraine War is a civil war the Russia joined on the side of the Russian Ukranians. Ukraine started the war
Funky facts: ukraine technically started the war through the new government starting to shell cities in the far east of ukraine(Russian majority area) after a pro-russian insurgency appeared to break away from the chaos in ukraine. This led to the war as ukraine shelled many cities and killed 14k innocent lives in the fact that they shelled cities and even rounded up suspected insurgents.
This guy is delusional
Fake News
Back in 2014 Ukraines foreign minister said this  'our children will go to kindergartens, while theirs (Russian kids) will live in bomb shelters' nice (not)
Real culprits of Ukraine war are  NATO & irrational childish foolish leader Zelensky who didn't understand the NATO Politics
but he is saying corectly this time. US is using Ukraine in this. money is the answer . just you people stop being blind and just take 10 minutes to check Zelensky if you think Russia provoked this. Obama and Biden a totally tragedy !
Criminal and idiot
I guess i had to stick with Russia over Syria ...I guess Over Ukraine Also ...America Place Zelensky as President to have Control over Ukraine's Oil and Other Resources
Russia didnt start the War it just got bigger since 2014 ..See what would America do if Mexico Joins Bricks and puts a Russian Federation Base in Mexico ...We all know what happened over Cuba
He speaks the Truth. The laughing party are the ignorant, brainwashed sheep that believe in the lies vomited by the main stream media.
Wake up, pathetic lot! Know the truth and  the truth shall set you free.
Search for Scott Ritter, Brian Berletic and colonel Douglas McGregor, all american ex-militar men to confirm what Mr. Lavrov is saying.
opfermaul😂
Ukraine on 🔥 Oliver Stone. George Galloway MOATS Scott Ritter-Richard Medhurst-Mike Jones. The Duran-The Grayzone. RT International, CGTN The Point-Hub-Heat, Warmongerers Legacy, Remote Killings
Did anybody expect anything less from those puppets? Of course they'll laugh. And of course Russia will win the war. 👍👍❤️🇷🇺❤️
What choice does he have? Get laughed at by an audience or wake up dead the next morning due to Putins threats....
Stupid people laugh indeed.
Herman PA to Bunker Grandpa
Yet if it was your country would you be laughing bs propaganda by bullie instigators
Horse face is a walking joke, but he’s not funny because he works for a tyrannical, bloodthirsty dictator who not only slaughtered thousands of innocent Ukrainians, but also his own soldiers.
Lavrov the Lapdog.
The west provoked Russia into the war. Try putting nuclear tip missiles on the Canadian or Mexican border and see how the US reacts. So many brainless people that can't think for themselves and mindlessly follow the Western government and media storyline.
IRAQ 🇮🇶.  OH YALL DONT REMEMBER NOW MEDIA OUTLETS 😂
Colin Powell = white cake 🎂
RUMSFELD? YALL DONT REMEMBER HIM HUH?
Dw we laughed at Bush when he said "mission accomplished " 😂
Yes but he is right...
😂🎉😮😮😅😊 Russia invaded so ca calked Z marked special Opersion illegal Brutal war not declared hence Illegal in 24/Feb 2822 Fukushima off Ukrain in 7 days ‼️
Over 25000 Russian dead 7Milliin Regugees in foreign countries fedtroying Ukrainian cities 🏙️ bombing Hopitsls Schooks Mintiditues Restaurebre parks orphanages 
Unthinkable Criminal acts Putinnesbted by ICC for Gridd will full violations of zHunsnnwrights 
Lates T a man irrespective of his political convictions which is his cure I cold not care less about that Ptegizin Faught for his country which is admirable to me
They brutally no bed rescue operation d too Gure Brugufe even Hitker not recorded as such 
In our language there is a wise priverb
Do not seek the Counsel of a Thirfs Mithrr as to who was the thuef?!!
This Lier has the ball s and Audsvity to declare Ukrain Invsded Ryssua😂😢😮😅😊
To hell with thus idiot ‼️🇱🇰
Someone please throw a shoe at him 😂
Everyone can imagine this war as Israel and Palestinian, or NATO invading Syria, Afghanistan, Libya etc... 😂😂😂
India is the part of BRICS. Does india accept its being a part of Global Terror?
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Real man,good leader,let’s them laugh,God’s bless you ❤
Typical Western values.. laugh and dropping bombs on Japan.
Warmongering Amerikkka and its vassals are the true global war pigs
Well, you have. Biden, and  family , mafia. Nice. And beatiful...
_With friends like these_
Hahaha say it again 😅😂😂
Damn liar 😢😢😢
You start knowing about soviet psicology thst's all🙈🙈😂😂😂
The Boldest of Lies!
War criminals is more appropriate title than a pos clown
🤦
Azov is nazi true
Russia didnt start the war though American media has used the illusionary effect on our citizens alongwith NATO media all of you dont research you just listen to our propaganda filled media completely forgetting everything about Ukraine and everything they have done
Sarà stato ubriaco come la sua segretaria tuttofare vacarova🤣🤣🤣 zakharova🐄🍻
Areole you just woke up her lost idiot resign you faiked to protect your connyties interests through Diplomascy now bull shouting the world 🌎 
Not now Dunno
667. Whew.
he acts as if the rest of the world is without the internet like the russian people .   LOL!!!!   glad im not a russian citizen.
Nice editing whoever  you are..
Laughed at by morons who believe western bullshit .
Such restraint shown by Russia,laugh if you want ,but you could be a small pile of nuclear ashes,best not to upset Russia aye!
You can laugh all you want but he's right.
Sigh its sad to see so many uneducated western media plagued NPCs... no wonder the west is falling apart
Das ist doch der " Hirngespinste"-Lawrow...der hat ja gesagt, das Russland die Ukraine überfallen wird, als "Hirngespinste"und Russophobie des Westens abgetan...
Nun, seit dem 24.2.2022 weiss die Welt, wer unter Hirngespinste und Wahnvorstellungen leidet.....
Die Frage ist wer macht sich lächerlich?
are the  russians really that stupid .
The best diplomat period .. don’t be jelly just because your president can’t walk up a flight of stairs with out tripping now that’s funny 😂
I thought I saw Putlers hand up his a*s making his lips move.
He should have been a stand up comedian
Representing Russia; the most laughable thing; the most laughable position. The most laughable regime. EVER. The hilarious Putin's regime. The man is not funny, of course, he is just ridicusly hilarious. 
"Influenced, influenced, influenced..." What a circus' clown!
They are high officials, they know the truth.
It's a hard sell when they literally rolled across the border on two separate occasions
The Nato tried to get over smart by inviting Ukrain for membership and now the whole Europe is teetering with fear
It's all fun and games until they start launching nukes let's see how many people will still laugh this war isn't funny at all Russia has nukes and if we keep pushing them they are going to end up using those weapons we should really be taking this seriously
Only a FOOL laughs at the RUSSIANS. HURRAH MOTHER RUSSIA.
This is exactly how Republicans feel about Democrats.   We don't know if they're outright liars and believe the lies or if they're just completely insane.
Putin is giving him a lot of money, so clown is all of his names . This is an example of how ridiculous the mindset of Russians is . If they didn't have nukes, they wouldn't have started this .
No difference between this man's windpipe and a sewer pipe
Using the Ukrainians people thats key
Because no american died there or European
Muppet........ Sorry, puppet 👍
No cowards laughed at Bush and Blair for destroying Afg, Iraq, Libya and Syria for posing no threat to US or EU states. However US deliberately provoked Russians by NATO’s expansion through Ukraine.
We started a war which we are trying to stop by war.
liar......liar....liar....a very funny movie to watch......before was starred by jim carey......but now they hired a new actor.
Biden circus government  😂😂😂😂😂is much more funnier
Not as much as western politicians and US politicians are being laughed at, booed at, and absolutely humiliated at while talking about the war. Lavrov is absolutely right, this war was launched by NATO against Russia using Ukraine as a proxy. Now Russia is humiliating not only NATO but their mothers aswell
No one cares about ukraine
About as credible as Robert Mugabe or Idi Amin . . . . . . One has to wonder about their intelligence or the people who falls for their stories.
What a jerk!
I'm sure
These mfers have no shame
If you think about it "using ukrainian people" he is not so wrong about that.

USA is using the Ukrainians for there interest.
But most people will not see it that way.
And now i'm gonna get mad comments anyway :)
what a stupid clown... the whole Russians must be lost their mind...
When people blatantly lie to your face about something that is so obvious you see with your own eyes.. it just proves that mentally they fall short of the bar
Lavrov and Putin is out of mind . Your crazy old man .
That's what he does so that he is not on the hit list of getting sent off too early say...by getting drown while swimming or getting dropped from a high rise building. Sorry for him and others Iike him. So sorry ...hope We all have a new Russia After this War. Slava Ukraine!
😂😂😂😂 lies and more lies,,,
Westerners are laughing, but Lavrov never lies...
Why should we listen to fake Quagmire in the first place
Bro skipped leg day
Here is an example of an amazing Foreign Minister in the presence of fools who laugh due to their own ignorance and savagery. Ukraine as a nation is forever changed; they have lost so much already, and are about to lose even more, the longer this war drags on. Ukraine began this suicide of theirs, back in 2014 when they started becoming hyper fascist and bombed the citizens of the Donbas. However, in the West, we don't have too many cultures and educated citizens in the study of geo-politics; therefore, it is no surprise that many of my fellow Canadians are easily manipulated and gullible to U.S. propaganda.
Demon 🤡 who’s end is near
lavrov really needs to cut back on his drugs 😂
He´d make a great comedian!
Lavrov. Perfect name for stand up.
Russia is such a joke at this time, what a victims, you gonna fall even if ot costs our all existence
😂😂😂😂 They are such a joke! Everything they say is freaking hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂
Lmfao. This bloke is an absolute fool
He's telling the truth and I wonder are they still laughing
عو
Roughing with ignorance.
BS.....Never would have happened!!!

US propaganda at it's finest!!!
Never met someone speak words and not say a single thing
I would get up and leave after  imbiciles started laugh
Total 🤡
True Russia didn't start the war
😂😂😂 he is so brainwashed
How on earth could world leaders sit in a room with this man round a table and Conduct world business and take him pootin or a single russian seriously . World leaders need to seriously think about why they even entertain these people ,
he is 100 percent right now the terrorist from west dosent understand
Lavrov is just desperately trying to tiptoe across his high wire act! He's SO NOT used to being laughed at! I'm quite sure his day was ruined!
An extraordinary amount of gullible people in that audience. Ukraine started firing missiles against Russians in eastern Ukraine long before Russian military advanced.
😂 believes his own misinformation propaganda
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I see so many ignorant comments here.
Was Russia supposed to wait until destroyed into pieces like former Yugoslavia?!?
Even Pentagon admitted last year that they were running 46 Bio-Labs in Ukraine, & they had "5-minutes-to-Moscow" missiles there.
US politician Victoria Nuland(Nudelman) hand-picked illegitimate government of Ukraine in 2014, invested $5 billion in there, and the war started with thousands killed in Donjeck and Lugansk areas. And now, the only bad guy is Russia?!?
It's Zionists game.
The scariest thing is the Democrats lie just like Russians  it doesn't matter if it's completely unbelievable
Insane how anyone in their right mind supports Russias ridiculous excuse for murdering their neighbours. Even Wagner stated that Russia had no good reason to be in Ukraine.
The definition of delusional
Russia didn't start the war. This war from the Russian perspective is like the Cuban missile crisis was from the US perspective. If the Americans were legitimately concerned about Cuba back then, the Russians are legitimately concerned about Ukraine right now.
He's one of the head Killer Apes.
Putin is a child killer and this joke had the nerve to defend Russia’s war against innocent people. Russia is a criminal terrorist state and has no place in todays world.
The rus action against ukr clearly indicates a strong leadership which is  alert, agile, responsive, and quick acting. As expected from a superpower.
Not a weak lazy and a paralyzed  democratic govt anyone can come and kick.
What a complete bell end
Pinocchio lives!
Leave ukraine, war stops.
Tell lies enough and simple minded people will believe it!
Russia's genocides minister is a joke and laughable!  Minister of deceptive CONMAN'S style. Nasty is the right ✅️ word
Hope his heart not tell true as he speaks, I don’t trust politics, 1/100 are lier
Ironically as the pyramid of power changes in Russia, I feel we won't see much of this guy anymore. Although he could have a successful career in comedy as long as he  stays away from windows.
Unfortunately, I have to agree with him,     Russia started this war because of the USA pressure towards Ukraine to go into Nato.      If Ukraine goes into nato, Nato's borders will be across the Ural mountains, which means a huge strategic disadvantage for Russia.   Despite the fact that Nato broke the rules and moved Nato borders towards Russia..... nobody wants to lose at Monopoly. Unfortunately, this game is in real life, and over 300k people died......   but this could've been stopped if the USA had stopped the pressure towards Ukraine to go into Nato.
Best of Chemical Ali....
Russian Scum
Lavrov is an admirable man. Knowledgeable and multilingual , he is worth listening to. Interesting and very adept at his position,he makes  the laughter suddenly seems foolish. No equals in US government come to mind . Our President can’t even speak coherently in his native tongue!
I love the Russian Muppet Show
You can hear someone yell out “liar” towards the end but what a great video. It really shows how diluted the politics are. 🇺🇦🇺🇸🇬🇧👍
ISRAEL...
KILLING  PALESTINIANS ,,,,,
DAY AFTER DAY ,,,,,
SINCE ,,,THE CREATION OF ISRAEL,,,,,,

In MAY  1948,,,,,,
AND ,,,NO ONE,,,,,,DOES ,,,A THING,,,,,
WELL 
PALESTINIANS ARE NOT  ,, UKRAINIANS,,,
AND
ISRAELIS. ARE NOT  RUSSIANS.....

EASY TO UNDERSTAND,,,,,
,,
COWARDS,,, USA-NATO-EUROPEAN UNION -G 7
,,,,,ARE AFRAID OF THE  USA COWBOYS..
YES,,,,
NO,,,
RIGHT
WRONG,,,,
,,,BUE
What a loser, they are used to having a captive uneducated audience 😂
This clown thinks everyone is as stupid as the Russians
The war we rare trying to stop and launched by Ukraine ......So Funny
Hey ,o comediante é o Zelenski e não você.
Being part of Putin's inner circle is like being a turd in the toilet, visualize that before the chain gets pulled.
We need more of this
Lavrov needs a plan B, when putin runs Lavrov will be left holding the baby
Why don't they a rest this dinky
😂😂😂😂 Kremlin use all the same words 😂😂
Sergi now only speaks Russian no one was listening to him anyway
Correct. The war started with the Minsk Agreement swindle.
He is right have you people read the Minsk Accords or you just spouting crsp from MSM news. 2014 this all started to stop NAZI Azovs killing Russian speaking Ukrainians who did not want to separate from Russia and join the EU. And just one other thing Ukraine is not part of NATO it’s borders are made up - and the whole region is actually RUSSIA. Do some research ya muppets
Clown !
This guy is such a big liar he doesn’t even believe himself
He is telling the truth, Russia is not a colonial country like NATO criminal countries
Fun fact, this whole took part in India, and it was the local journalists who laughed their asses off after Lavrov's speech.
Sergei lavarov speaks good English
idiot lavrov
Commie devil
Based on this video, when the Russia Ukraine war is over and if he is still alive, Lavrov can tour North America and Europe as a stand up comedian and make an absolute fortune.
Russia is now the circus of the world 🤡
what a disgusting joke of a man, and why does anyone even give him any platform to speak such blatant vile lies?
Go Lavrov. They laughting themselves.  They started the war those that are laughting at you.
Was nothing to lough here ..i think it was a montage /editing
What a way to end a diplomatic career of many decades.
This man looks like a clown to me😂
This guy is just as bad as putin ..
WATCH NEXT: We hear from the team that investigated the culture of no-compromise gun ownership, industry money, and political dysfunction that has made it so difficult to make meaningful change in the US. - https://youtu.be/Py62uYJylRs

Check out more VICE News on VICE TV starting at 10p Thursdays.
To kill innocent people is pure evil
Zylenskyy… such an amazing leader he closed down churches and refuses to hold democratic elections so his people can decide if they truly support him. Putin is clearly a tyrant but Zylenskyy is no hero.
Lets all remember, Ukrain held elections, voted in a government legitimately, and because the USA & UK didnt like the result, organised a coup. Instilling a pro-Western outfit. The US warmongers have been planning this war for 20 yrs now. They also want conflict in Iran, China, Saudi Arabia, Turkiye, Jordan and Syria. The USA is a global terrorist. Learn your political history and foreign policy. Mostly tho, its israel that ultimately control the US policies
Free Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸
what’s the song  called??
WELL … THIS DOCUMENTARY IS GOOD TO PRUBE WAR CRIMES AND WAR CRIMINALS!

BUT WHEN THE USA AND UK REPRESENTATIVE SPEAKING ABOUT TARGETING CIVILIANS INFRASTRUCTURAL LIKE SCHOOL AND HOSPITALS  EXPOSING THEIR HYPOCRISY AND LISTENING TO THEIR WORDS  MEANS PALESTINIAN PEOPLE ARE NOT HUMAN TO THE WESTERN COUNTRIES AND MEANS NOTHING!!!
TO SEE AND COUNTING ALL THOSE CHILDREN AND WOMAN STILL BEEN KILLED AT THIS VERY MINUTE IN PALESTINIAN LANDS AND THE ENTIRE COUNTRY ERASE EVERY SINGLE DAY BY THE WESTERN COLONIAL CHILD KILLERS BUBBLE RN PALESTINIAN LAND MAKE FEEL DEEPLY ANGRYLY  DISTURBING HOW INCREDIBLY THE WESTERN REPRESENTATIVE ARE SOULLESS THAN A STONE BUT THEY BARKING HUMAN RIGHT AND DEMOCRACY TO THE FOUR WINDS AROUND THE WORLD WHEN IN FACTS THE ARE THE MOST EVILS ALLOWING AND SUPPORTING THEIR WESTERN COLONIAL CHILD KILLERS IN PALESTINIAN LANDS DO AND CONTINUE THEIR MASSIVE KILLING GO AND ENJOY IMPUNITY AT THIS VERY MOMENT AND SUPPORTING THEM WITH THE MOST DESTRUCTIVE WEAPONS TO KILLING INNOCENT CHILDREN AND WOMAN……. THIS IS THE WESTERN THE MOST DARK INTENTION DIVISION AROUND THE WORLD ALWAYS…..
This is a man that has basically killed hundreds of thousands of his own people's but blames Putin for his faulty s decisions!!! No accountability for his own stupidity and greed!!!
Very good one sided propaganda. Bravo vice but thanks we don't buy western systemic propaganda.
25:11 among us
America always f..king countries up!
There’s war crimes on both sides , once you start executing people who surrender you start a domino effect of surrendered killing… shits sad but it’s reality of war!
You say only Putin is responsible, but didn't you also said you don't care about Russian opinion and you will place rockets wherever you want and invite Ukraine to NATO(+ armed it against Russia since 2014)? Aren't you responsible? 

You also said you can't imagine things like this war in 21th century. Don't worry, just imagine Ukraine is Palestine, or Yogoslavia, or Irac, or Afghanistan, or Syria or Lybia.  Feel better now?
Zelensky😂
Interesting comprehensive documentary of Russia trying to occupy Ukraine
Yes Putin has been reading  Germanys history especially the years before WW 2.
Totally blown out ' like my sister
ok ok, Media keeps telling us about russia's war crimes... but I dont think there ever was a war without war crimes. Its just the reality of war, sadly.
I will be so glad when Russia stop the war because it's people there that don't got nothing to do with what they got going i pray they they can love each other we all need to get along i don't think it's Right that the people there have to go through this please stop the war it's kids there and they need there life back God bless all of you
Bad bad Russians
At 16:54 a women just get saved by a youngmen member of the interior security. She's lucky. To say : when you're 18 in RUSSIA, you can be studying or go to the military service. Who lives in the right to order the common people. Or who acts for good of commons peoples ? May be both  sometimes ?
Vaš boli  kurac  što ljudi  ginu  sve je biznis. VIDI TE DA 80% RUSKI PRIČAJU
Funny hiw they all blame Putin yet Ukraine  started this war in 2014  when they were shelling and bombing Russians and killed in access of 14000 Russians including woman and children
The ending with the little girl was so sad I almost dropped a tear…
Glory to all the beautiful warriors driving big SUV in the European capitals.imagine they did it to escape from corruption and poverty
any press who put boots on the ground to document this and other similar stuff deserves a award
33:27...That dude must be on meth or something...Good luck Putin.
41:40...JOKES ASIDE, THAT PART THERE MADE ME HATE PUTIN MORE THAN THE DIARRHOEA COMING OUT OF MY ARSE WHEN I EAT ROTTEN FOOD
32:22...That dude looks like a penitentiary punk.
CIA OCH BLACK ROCK LIGGER BAKOM ALLT
UK took propaganda lessons from Goebels or vice versa? Nobody believes declining Empire anymore.
Somehow you will pay for the evil you do to your WWII allies  Serbs and Russians and to your current allis Catholic Slavs
When trying to portray them as different nation find some that dont speak Russian
My one brother is fighting on side on ukraine and another on side of russia and when i told both of them that both of them are wrong and that war is against interestets of both russians and ukranians people they laugh at me and look like on insane 
but both of them are insane cause they participate in grind machine thats goal is to make money out of normal people death by their own hands 
peoples does not had anything to fight about, but politics buisnessmens capitalists had it and force sons of poor and middle class ppl to kill each other 
soon chinese and usa would fought too due to same reasons - market expansion
Zelensky is the man of the 21st century 😂 maybe the most corrupt man of the 21st century pocketing  billions of US .POS will get his he started this war dont be fooled, and Obama and Biden helped.
🚜🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Hopfully the war stops.
that father saying goodbye to his son leaving for ukraine is so fucked, i feel bad for him lost his wife and now maybe his son....
pls report also the war crimes in gaza
the Americans has no shame, they keep talking about human rights and people dreams, but when your government and Armies crosses oceans to invade countries and bombs people you don't remember those rights and dreams, it suddenly becomes war on terror and to spread democracy, they destroyed Afghanistan then they hand it back to Taliban again, why you have the right and Russia don't? you and Nato pushed putin to wage this war by spreading your nuclear missiles near and around his borders and now you are supplying Ukraine with weapons instead of using diplomacy means just because you found it a good chance to make the Russians bleed without caring about Ukrainian casualties knowing that it is impossible for Russia to lose, you are just making this war continue as long as possible and enjoying the show of people killing  each other from both sides.
slava ukraine
Americans telling you how evil it is to kill civilians in war or spec ops .. they basically invented that xD
PUTIN IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF THIS IF HE LIVES THROUGH THIS WAR AND DOES NOT GO TO PRISON FOR LIFE THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH THE PEOPLE OF THIS WORLD.
19:29 Zelenski and his family don't participate in direct war, which makes sense. But don't talk like he's there fighting Russians on the frontline. Also that woman who was arrested in the US was a political prisoner. She wanted to start a Russian version of the NRA and met with them. The Russia/Trump collusion is also debunked.
This USA west NATO Criminals Clowns all they talk fake news and lie’s we all lating America and all Arabs and Africa and all Asians we now the true story about The NATO are criminals racist nazis stop making lies  😂

We all now Ukraine losing the war 😂
anyone happen to know where the guy at 33:22 ended up?
This is down to the USA and the coup they organised in 2014 and the Ukraine military killed thousands in the Donbas region and NATO have been pushing up to the Russian border for years Russia had no other options
War crimes on both sides lol
Работайте братья! Z
And now they have won
I didn't hear the part about Ukraine conscripting very few of the privileged people in Kyiv, but rather chose ethnic Russians in mass numbers in the outer regions.  I also didnt hear much leading back to Vice's coverage that started in 2014!  Those episodes of Russian Roulette were great, and I don't understand why most people don't even know about them or the war starting a decade ago.  Most Americans I talk to have no idea until it hit mainstream media.  Its one hell of a conflict and its hard to watch.
The audacity of american politicians giving lectures about misinformation😂😂
@32:40.....This dude is assigned YOUR battle buddy? 😫
Yur Fooked!!!!
Please guys don't take sides when u r journalists
Just a countinue our realation came in solicitor generalin a complete nato a grate answer came also in livin and life a grate spot always
About two years ago, it was said that the Russians fight with shovels. They have good shovels...
Stop coming to Ukraine and you can survive.
Russia was an ally of nazi Germany and turned sides when they saw the germans failing. Russia is nothing but bad and liar
The Press men and women are Heroes as well as the people of Ukraine,i was in tears watching this,but I'm glad i did.
im not left or right but nobody should playing fucking war games in europe with huge countries
They never intended to take kiev. Now im pretty sure they want an unconditional surrender
ELENSKY:  The most destructive clown of 21st century liable for the death of 800,000 Ukrainian solders, 57,000 Ukrainians missing, 150,000 Ukrainians wounded and other 200,000 deserters.
VICE,,,,,WHY are you lying again ?  Russian stepped back from Kiev and Kharkic because of the peace talks in Istanbul in March 2022. LIERS !!!!
Lies, America and the west caused this by overthrowing porshenko. America my country has pushed and pushed russia and this is the result.
The human species is really damn good at killing itself. We're a bunch of bloody savages who're pretending to be decent.
Really sad....The war was in vain because the leaders and the younger generation ignored the historical journey of the formation of a nation united in a country called Ukraine. Worse still, they were trapped in the rhetoric of freedom, democratization without understanding the hypocritical political game.
As lavrov says, russians are happy to be slaves, Ukrainians not
what exactly is the music used? It's the same song used in the strategy game called WARNO.
29:00 no way warno sound track?
Before going to bed, my wife complained to me: "This Russia is such a bad country, if Ukraine wants to join NATO, that is their business and freedom, Russia has no right to intervene. This is just an excuse for Russia to attack Ukraine." I said nothing, got out of bed and went to the kitchen, before returning to bed with knife in hand. I said to my wife: "Let's go to sleep" When she saw the knife, my wife suddenly sat up and looked at me with wide eyes. "What are you doing? Sleeping with a knife?!" she exclaimed. I replied, "Don't worry, let's go to sleep. Besides, sleeping with a knife is none of your business and that's my freedom." My wife said to me: "You're crazy! How can I sleep when you're lying next to me with a knife? What if you accidentally cut me?" I answered: "Well, you don't even trust your own husband, how can you expect Russia to trust Ukraine?" Sleeping with a knife is like Ukraine joining NATO. 


Its impossible to defeat Russia by a Military force
@16:46 it’s because protest are being used to destabilize a country either sponsored by opposition with an agenda to encourage dissent propaganda or by weak minded people being manipulated through their honest convictions (even if biased at times). Again just saying, over and out because vice is so bought up and bias / one sided nowadays that it’s beyond sad.
@15:20 because he is right to say so… crazy how one yrs later one can / could see better on what is real propaganda
@14:39 perfect examples of an eye for an eye is how the whole worlds goes blind and get fooled by the people in the shadow who played them on both side for their own agenda. 😢
@13:24 where is your footage of Donbas people being killed just as the same as Kiev now. Forgotten by history from just 10yrs ago ?
@11:55 how about using the word liberate instead of occupy maybe. Always depends on who’s speaking I guess
@11:37 really are you such an expert on what someone think? How about NATO globalist geopolitical bs and Ukraine being a corrupt proxy war tool as a possible reason too 😮
10min in and I must say I already see the hypocrisy that one side seems to forget that they did the same thing first. Aka bombing the Donbas and killing civilians for years until it turn back on them just recently. Just saying
Comedian go sleep
free russia
If mexicans wants to turn the west coast into Mexico again can we do that since ukriane is doing that
Russia and Putin should not be invading and killing Ukrainians,  especially civilians. That is horrible and wrong. He needs to stop.
And this is not propaganda ?
Always blame from Russia how about the Libya, eraq, Afghanistan, million people kill the U. S
Long ongoing war for Russia is more profitable, why thinking that it was their goal to capture Ukrainian in one day or three? How pathetic
Obsolete video…
Наступит день когда вы будете просить прощения на коленях у Украинского народа за то что вы русские твари сделали, вы - народ могли это остановить, но вы выбрали тишину, вам за это платить.
Защищать родину ? а разве не нападать на соседа просто ? на сколько дебилы....
Russia has a right to defend itself.
Clear NaTo group don't at work
VICE still the greatest news from around the world and social problems across Europe and the planet
Why was that body like that at 10:48 wtf
LORD HELP THESE PEOPLE. 
End this war!
Amen.
What a beautiful young lady and a beautiful voice! Hang tough, queen.

🇺🇦🇺🇸
36:06 war isn’t a glorious romantic affair. It’s a race to the bottom of your humanity. Whoever keeps his soul wins, regardless of if he is still alive.
The irony of a guy who played a president on tv being a better president IRL than a guy who’s been in power for 20 years(oh wait, a KGB snake that’s done nothing but corrupt all around him since he’s been in power? not so surprising after all.)
Respect to those demonstrators. They try to silence what they fear which is rational thought and discussion.
3 year's war
18:25 There is no war in Ba Sing Se
Its interesting to me how media claims Russia has suffered heavy losses. Russia has almost exclusively sent sub 1990s-era equipment to fight Ukraine. Look at the total Russian losses. They have only lost 10 fighter jets and haven't used any new tanks. All those high numbers of tanks that were lost were soviet era tanks bandaged together and sent out with minimal refueling plans. The only thing Russia has actually lost is people and they are very used to that. Russia always comes back from heavy losses. Trust Putin will be keeping the best troops and hardware for Moscow. I hope Ukraine/America puts an end to this war. I hate my tax dollars funding the death of both Nations. It is ideocracy to believe that Putin isn't crazy enough to use nukes. This is dangerous for all of us no matter where you live. Please wake up and protest the war. Putin has publicly said nukes are not off the table 7 times in the last 2 years! why does nobody talk about how this will be a cold war soon.
No, Putin didn't "shock the world" by invading Ukraine.  It was telegraphed for MONTHS prior to the invasions - the Russians are incapable of doing surprise anything.
The Russian government kills its own civilians why wouldn’t they do that to others? The hell is she saying
Vice should have disclaimers if the video was paid for the host and camera time and efforts or to sole benefit Vice's CEOs
SLAVA UKRAINE!!!!
It’s hard to fight people who look like you, speak the same language, have the same religion, etc. And when you search an enemy KIA for intel, you find pics of his wife and kids / family, it stays with you. On the other hand, when you’re defending your home, they’re just targets. I don’t like humanizing the enemy. 🇺🇸🫡
On Feb 25, 2022, the evidence of a genocide was mounting.  I remember I looked at my wife and said "honey, it looks like I'm going to Ukraine.  Can't sit this one out."  She just said "yeah, I know."  It IS a genocide. It checks all the boxes. EVERYTHING Putler has said is a lie.  In the beginning,  civilians were the PRIMARY target.  That's part of Russian war doctrine.  Putler "concentrated" several million Ukrainians in "filtration" camps.  Take out the word filtration and you know what you have.  A tiny percentage of people in the Donbas are Russian sympathizers... TINY.  This is not a war with modern complexities. It is good versus evil.   Stopping Russian aggression is also essential to NATO security.  Putler has basically said that his, goal is to wash his little commie buttocks in the Atlantic.  This is a no brainer.
God please 🙏🙏🙏. Help Ukrainian people because they need your assistance. God please 🙏🙏 help them. Putin will fail because he is killing people of God. Patience for all Ukrainian.
ATTA Be proud to see a local canadian out there!!!!!
Kamla isnt any better
GOD BLESS BOTH SIDES...PURE EVIL FROM ELITES
PUTIN MUST PAY TO THE PEOPLE OF UKRAINE
Free UKRAIN AND RUSSIA FROM THE TYRANY OF PUTIN!
Don't forget Joe Biden had a role keeping this war chugging along.  Mister foreign policy my ass.
I am su incredibly embarrassed to have the head of NATO be a Norwegian like me. Its completely insane to risk ww3 and global apocalypse because neo-nazi1s in Ukraine refuse to talk with Russian and solve this conflict. Ukraine either go to talks and end this, or Ukraine will seize to exist as a nation. Merkel and the EU pretended to be positive towards peaceful negotiations. But Angela Merkel admitted in her book that this was nothing but a ploy to give Kiev the time to build up an army. Had the EU not done this, Russia would have conquered Ukraine in the initial invasion. Now we in the west ARE OBLIGED TO FORCE Zelensky to make a peca agreement with Moscow. Im 25 yrs old. In Ukraine there are so little men left under 50 yrs old. Russia has 100 MILLION MORE inhabitants than Ukraine. Ukraine WILL NEVER EVER EVEN MAKE THIS WAR A STALEMATE. Russia has the upperhand and the initiative now and this will never flip back again. Boris Johnson and NATO told Zelensky lies about Ukraine getting so much NATO hardware to resist Russia. Now we either make peace, or Ukraine will slowly be steamrolled. And the saddest of all is that the whole war was easily avoidable. Had Kiev simply made an agreement and gurantees to Moscow that they would remain militarily neutral, and stop bombing the russian miority in the Donbass. They were convinced the west would save them from Russia. Now NATOs stockpiles are empty, and soon the military aid will stop completely.
Zelensky a hero is like saying Biden is the best president of the US both are evil prophets whi hate their own people and only care about money and power
19:58 this aged like milk. This whole video aged like milk. I hope my comment ages like milk as well.
May there be peace and goodwill amongst all mankind
SLAVA UKRAINA!
"To leave would be to lose ourselves"...
Where’s 2 years in Ukraine
it's russians, not putins
You are good ❤❤❤❤
Can you guys skip to the part where the robots are used plz…
Did uou talk about palestine?
Yeah lets cry over this but when us and our allies do it we yell democracy 😂
" UKRAINE IS CURRUPT UKRAINE IS CURRUPT !! " ...AND... wat the USA isnt? Our government is the most CURRUPT in the world by farrr ... wat country isnt ... unreal only democrat sheep believe this nonsense... sheep .. NPCs Biden is just as if not more than Putin .. at least putin dosent hide it .
JESUS CHRIST!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump would have never let that war happen. Been can be blamed
Yeah only one man to blame alright. Puttin was protecting what was his. Nato signed a contract and then decided they wanted more. That's not how the world works incase yall forgot we are not the country we used to be. No one is afraid or a godless country that fights within more than it does for its own rights.
Its endlessly annoying hearing these 'experts' pronounce 'Kyiv' wrong.
for those who do not understand what is happening, look at what Israel has done to the city of the Gaza Strip in 2 weeks and how Ukrainians live in Kiev and not only, discos and restaurants are open.
Are western politicians actually watching documentaries like this? I doubt that because otherwise they would find their backbones and act accordingly...
Whan i see this now,i could  certainly say that VICE are just one of the modems of MSM media who are just propagating what those who wanted war in Ukraine want to deliver as news to ppl in Western World,ankther wa of manipulation like we weer used to see before whit IRAQ,SYRIA,LYBIA,AFGHANISTAN.,
It's all because of Bloodier Zelensky 🤮
The truth is Russia is not war mongering, but west and NATO are, why west wanted to annex Ukrain in the Nato groups of countries, it was a clear violation of Russia and NATO agreement that took place 30 years ago.  If Russia install ICBM in CUBA, would USA sit ideally? WIth UKRAIN Russia have cultural and historical connection, most of the soviet premier were hailed from UKRAIN, Russia cannot accept if UKRAIN will be in the hand of WEST.  Withdraw NATO support from UKRAIN and stop influencing baltic countries, The war will end at that moment.
u.s. is indeed very great when it comes to mind games. Look and listen how those u.s. politicians speak against Russia. Speaking about "War Crimes and other otrocities" where Russia you said are doing, then why support israel which is obviously doing War Crimes and other otrocities?
Muy bien por usted señorita muy bien eso se llama ser hipócrita y solo ver una cara de la moneda eso es ser poco profesional, usted no habla del golpe de estado la masacre del edifico sindical lleno de civiles en ODESA donde fueron quemados vivos civiles y saltaban por las ventanas Caian y si no morían en impacto los masacraban los nazistas de AZOV y ucranianos de derecha ante la mirada tranquila de policías antimotines ucranianos y militares ojo ahí están los videos los más de 10mil ciudadanos del Dombas minoría ucraniana ruso parlante y usted no habla de eso no habla de como sus amigos políticos ucranianos impusieron leyes de prohibición del lenguaje ruso en toda Ucrania y otras cosas propio me pregunto de govierno progresistas democráticos o dictatoriales??, por lo que me lleva a la conclusión que ni putin es un santo ni menos el actor comediante profesional en sus vídeos por el mismo por todo el país de zelenski y mira estos occide tales en tu programa diciendo 😂😂😂 qué es el hombre del siglo claro ste programa fue 2023 si vi bien ya casi nadie de occidente lo ve así lo que lleva a entender solo occidente provocó y utilizó a Ucrania como conejito de India para devilitar a RUSIA y hoy por hoy hasta ZIRSKI comandante supremo fuerzas armadas ucranianas reconoce que ejército ruso a crecido aún más su producción de armas de todo tipo triplicado así que como decimos en mi país tanto EUROPA(OTAN), USA, INGLATERRA se cojieron el C....o con su misma Puerta
Keep that reporter she has obvious empathy and understanding of the situation.
7:45 why is hes pants down ?!?!?!?!?
Our democrat leaders in america are war mongers they love prospering from war..Get trump in office and he will put a end to the war one way or another.America supports you ukraine!!
Ukraine will win
22:35
Are you American citizen lol. She trynna create a insider threat
US and NATO started this unfortunately ukranian had to endure this
calling a politician a hero, man of the century because he didnt run away from kiev is a bit over the top. the heroes are the ordinary people who actually do the fightning, who provide the emergency or just the simple daily services. Zelensky just said yeah we will fight, but it isnt him or his friends living, suffering and dying in those trenches.
0079
calling it now, trump takes office, peace agreement between russia and ukraine, ukraine gives up some land to russia, shake hands and end it
If u want to bring an enemy alliance u're gonna get lead for it. 😂
isobel yeung is definetly one of the best journalist out there
Putin is an evil person.
the west is only using Ukraine as a puppet to provoke Russia more and more against its own kin. Especially Zelensky himself is as a successful comedian doing also a great job putting his own people at risk. Please open your eyes
Talking about Russian BS media Brainwashing Russian, and this report is literally the same thing but for this side of the ocean...
Ukraine gained the respect of the whole world while russia fell down in so many eyes and they still are falling
Every person that believes Ukraine isn't full of Nazis are the same ones that think Joe Biden doesn't have a mental decline
Urrraaaaaaa 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Half of the Russians were prisoners what did you expect
how can u say russia is lost or ukraine is lost when there is still fighting.. everyone still watching ok.. chill
Let's put the real name of the show. United States War. Not Putin he didn't start the war in 2014. Thank you very much. I'm from Ukraine I think I would know.
Humans are terrible. Love, Peace
Ukraine on fire if you know you know. I once a big fan of vice but not anymore…
Bs on both sides!
i alr know some of the vice crew was shootin back
i alr know some of the vice crew was shootin back
🇨🇦🇺🇦
Спец. Операция. А скоко народа. Городов. Его мир стёр.. Крови слез. Смертей. Ох мир
Please be wise..what did NATO and US do in Libya? they were after one man but destroyed the whole country...!!
It is a failure of NATO, UN, US, EU and world
Absolutely Proff of Coward putin's decisions
Zelenskyy is a world hero😂😂😂 
If he was a hero he would speak to Putin not the Biden administration. 
They WANT this war to continue. 
#TRUMP2024
Basically Russians fleeing Russians
bro that scoolv story made no damn sense
I look at this and I'm taken back that in the "global village" persons who are black in colour are still not welcomed in the village, I pray for peace but that people take a long hard look at themselves
Ukraine needs more support. help brave Ukrainian people
Lol immediately i saw Michael Clarke i stopped watching. What a 🤡
"And now we will help [the EU] like never before in history!" 
🇺🇦🇭🇷✌🏻❣️
why do the parents keep their children in combat zones? the parents in the end of the vid are delusional. the mom said she cant leave everything shes built but how are you going to keep building if youre dead. the most valuable thing you got is your life. leave ukraine and return when its safe. the russians will probably bomb the building anyways she isnt gonna stop a missle from hitting it. the parents needs to save their child.
Ukraine as a nation has come together to fight for there freedom and democracy against the evil dictator putin god bless Ukraine and it's heroes you can feel the will to be free .
This is one hellova special operation.
I though that a special operation was 50 operators and not a country of 140 million going into martial law, shutting down the media and forcing a war time economy.
Oh well  🤡
I don't think Putin is going to survive this Presidential Term he just Elected himself to recently! People will turn on Putin . I'm sure some corrupt Entity in Russia will eventually Take it's shot at Putin Hopefully turn him over to the Hague for War Crimes😉 put if Putin ran into Health issues on his way I don't think anyone would be upset either 🙏😔 😉
How come Vice does not have such in depth reporting on "israeli" war crimes and ongoing genocide in Gaza?
this is my town in 10:15 i felt the anguish in his voice
That kid saying he’s gonna defend  the motherland in Russia. He’s most likely either dead or really fucked up by now
Spy Maria Buchina is delusional
F Russia and its people for not doing enough to stand up to Putin- cowards feeling the country instead
Mellennials guys are more advanced in thinking quickly and assertive in innovation. These youths are the main streams of progressing nation that more of them may be bound as frontliners patriotic like this "cool guy mellenials" dares for actions.🎉🎉🎉 Slava Ukrainea ❤❤❤
They should Title this 
NATO's War..
The whole thing is terrible!
But if look behind the curtain, NATO and the collective west, has been poking the Bear for way to long and dint think that it would bite..
This so call expert is brain dead,he had no clue of what happened 
Just stupid propaganda
Stop your nonsense analysises
Just....




Give up already, please! Is that to hurt to lowering your ego?
did i hear you ri
The world, UN and stupid campus students yell everyday for Hamas, nobody care what is happening in Ukraine !!!!!!
Palestines before war just stay home doing nothing with salary $800 donated by UN, much richer than most of ppl 
Even in China, the workers in the factories can only get about 2000rmb(about $300) for 8-hour work and 3000rmb($400) from overwork
The ADN of Russian totalitarism,  dictatorship and czar times believing in the idiotic idea of Make Russian Empire Great Again (somehow the clone of poor wretched Trump and hia moronic credo) in their politicians as well as the ADN of servile and slavish inherited in the elder generations must be first understood, acknowledged and diagnosed like a mental disease by their own believers and then as grown ups and mature and sensible human beings take action and decide they were wrong and blinded.

"When fanaticism has gangrened the brain, the disease is almost incurable" 
Voltaire

"The multitude obeys more to necessity and fear than to reason and to punishments more than to honor"
Aristotle
There's very few presidents I'd be interested in meeting but Zelensky is absolutely one. The world needs presidents and politicians like Zelensky
Putin is a nazi a war criminal and the Russian people also because they are the ones committing war crimes against Ukraine 🇺🇦 it’s just disgusting how Russia is behaving. We don’t forget we don’t forgive the Russian Nazis. GLORY TO UKRAINE 🇺🇦
year 1 of the 3 day special military operation
Lo que yo se como Mexicano que ucrania ya tenia harto al lider ruso con tantas estupideces que hacía el gobierno de Ucrania!!! Ahora les hago una pregunta a Todos Es Cierto???
Slava Ukraine
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦
All i know, id be the last one evacuating. Im making sure everyone in my view is gone to safety. If im going down in a hail of gunfire so be it, ill take being a prisoner and tortured. Least i did the right thing & not what theyd do to me just for being canadian
Blame America! Black Rock!
Most or 70% Crimeans voted to stay apart of Russia. Russian's  Main Port areas. 
The USA had a deal with Russia not to move NATO East but we, the USA staged a Coupe' & we now know the USA overthrowed the Ukraine Gov. & installed a Western Type Gov..
Russia will & has destroyed Ukraine. If Ukraine would be apart of NATO? Nukes will fly, Putin will Not Allow Ukraine to be apart NATO, this is all you need to know .
Very simple, if Ukraine becomes NATO? 
They must buy American Bombs, Ammo, etc. to comply with NATO Rules which by the way all come from Black Rock.
padlos ruskiai
Putin is a monster
'I would hope Putin would see this as well". 😂 Yeah, an if someone speaks out about it they fall from a window. 
I'm sure they know about it but are too scared to talk about it. I would be.
That is some balls on the table reporting, that dude was in a building that was getting shelled.
That dude is hard core, all of them are.
"We're all use to it, boom boom boom". Just awful.
That is a heavy video.
Hows this all working out for you now? Ill wait
"russian military does not kill civilians" casually saw a video of a tank marked with Z drive by an old couple driving back home god russians are all about lies and and empty threats
VICE is the company that got me into street and war photography. your shots, the way you tell a story through the lens is absolutely amazing. keep it up
war crime then what about GAZA ?????
“Incredible talent” or “incredible puppet” with US backing🏦💵💰
huraaaaaaaaaaa🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫
I may be a fool for this since it’s such a serious scenario but 11:52 maybe it’s just me, homeboy is smokin a joint in a war, that would be the only way I would do it
Usa caused this and nato
russias invasian in ukraine is horrible.  but i dont understand why you dont speak about the peace negotiations in istanbul in 2022. the minister president of israel Benett was there speaking with both sides and said that peace was nearly arranged.  the UK and USA did not wamt peace and forced the war till today.  you can find the video of Benett telling the world how near peace was online.  i dont undestand  how stupid the west is to make that horrible diing of people going on. stop that war as soon as possible to stop that bloody war. stop it on a diplomatic way and not with weapons. thats a cheap war for Amerika and UK against russia.  Fighting and diing in warzone are only ukraine and russian people. thats crazy. thats a geostrategic war and nothing else. stop the war emediately.
This is typically brave ... ballsy .... solid reporting by Vice ... great doc ... Do u got the balls to go to Palestine to report from there ?
“Oh me I only trust my family” 21:28
Feminists are real quiet.😂😂
26:50 I just can't...  I have always had a dislike for the Russian military. Being a Soldier made me dislike them more. When you see this, you hate them with a passion.
impartiality chases you but you runs faster😆🤭
Just because people speaking Russian, does not makes you a Russian. Just like Speaking English doesn't makes you British. But for some reason Putin thinks, if you speak Russian then you belong to Russia. Which is sickening.
Interesting vice literally covered the neon@zi movement in Ukraine a couple years before the war. Also if the west (US in particular) hadnt insighted violent overthrow of the pro Russia gov in Ukraine back in 2014 this war never would have happened. But the news outlets owned by the west wont tell you that tid bit.
Question? Why Putin invaded Ukraine and why Nato want to take their "nuke closer to Russian? Now blame Russian?
Crazy to think those bomb shelters were built to protect Ukrainian from America during the cold War. Present time they're being used to be protected from the so-called brothers/sisters Russia. America/NATO Is giving military equipment to help protect themselves from Russia. How the world changes in mysterious ways. Condolences to all that have lost their loved ones in this useless war just for 1 person to stroke his ego.
I'm for Putin 👍💯💪 America is the biggest bully and international law only works when it suits them.people have been dieing nothing new about this, there are starving people in America L.A is a topical example on how ppl are homeless yet American sends billions yet there own people are suffering. I understand Putin, I myself would have done the same in his position.
How I wish news like these would also show how African's are suffering yet no one is speaking about it.
Genocide by the Russians
this is nato`s war
It's going well for russia . And this is propaganda in itself
Can we get an update?
18:06 that guy named Ciprian is romanian.i can recognise the name and that da,da,da..wich we using 3 times in a row in my language..da means yes in romanian too
What will happen if Russia looses the war? Are they going to be held accountable for all these civilians killed?
Lies 😂😂😂
Glória a Ucrânia Vitória aos heróis
This reporter always provides interesting coverage, in areas highly threatening to her own security. Kudos to her & her work in Russia, China etc.
Make sure you cover Isreal war crime as well. The whole world is waiting for that one to come out.
Israil is doing war crime what about that.
Has Russia helped the world ever ? i dont know of much
Dude Putin is a whole bit
the free world messed up when PATTON  wanted to go into russia and our leaders fail the world we had the forces and we held the nukes !
Putin is a son of b......
and I write this now here, you can stop my contract with you tube, now i want this say putin is a son of b.  . . Here you got it... And i go in ukrain putin you are a 300!!!
37:56 I also fought in Bakhmut be4 it fell ... luckily we are still fighting there today ... 
#ghostsofbakmut 
#Azov 
#foreignlegion 
#Forthercreed
I was there for almost 6 months ..never even heard of a nazi..... its all BULLCHIT ...fake news CNN news
17:16 yup....brainwashed monkeys ...orcs ...suka
Yall love showing dead civilians.... how bout coming to the front line .....the world knows Russia are savages and commited countless war crimes ... yall don't say chit . ....
Ill b back soon...just had surgery to get 3 bullets out of my stomach .... yall come yo Avdiivka or Chaziv Yar...lets see how brave u are .....
It's a bit tiring to always be hearing the western pov of this conflict, it's like with Gaza, we only get information from western sources that clearly tends to forget centain parts of history...really sad. This is not "Putin's War", this is not something that started in 2022 and clearly none of the nations involved are "the good guys". It's a senseless war that only leads to false information, propaganda and extreme polarization of the 2 axis on today's society. Western leaders are thriving for blood...and Putin is ansewring the call...
It's so sad. We are the smartest species on the planet. We have everything we need.

Yet, we insist on blowing each other to pieces.
Is crime not the Definition of War!  Is War not al all a crime?
28:44 whats is the patch on his shoulder 😏
Asshile
vice news became a western media sock puppet
NATO AND THE us STARTED THIS WAR! The US convinced  Ukraine to reject negotiations for a cease fire... ITS SO STUPID TO THINK RUSSIA WOULD HAVE JUST LET UKRAINE JOIN NATO! Just as we wouldnt allow Russia to set up shop in Mexico why would we expect they would allow Ukraine to do this. Zelensky is a worm and has sent so many of his people to die, it doesnt even make sense! Any military scholar will tell you Ukraine didnt have a chance......  THE U.S BACKS ISREAL KILLING OVER 16,000 CHILDREN AND A TOTAL OF ALMOST 40,000 PEOPLE MOST WOMEN AND CHILDREN BUT THEY HAVE THE NERVE TO TRY AND DEMONIZE RUSSIA? WHATS GOOD FOR THE GOOSE IS GOOD FOR THE GANDER NO? IM AMERICAN BUT ITS SHAMEFUL WHAT OUR GOVERNMENT HAS DONE ACROSS THE GLOBE, BUT it cant hide its war crimes and destruction like it used to. Its heartbreaking to see whats become of the greatest country on earth by the corrupt, greedy, power hungry fools in Washington. I pray we the people will learn to stand together and stop letting the government divide us, before its too late.
Look up the 3rd assault brigade. I feel like this isn’t gonna show anything that going on inside the battle.
one thing i do like about vice is that they have been keeping everyone updated since 2014.
Holy cow that Russian media segment was crazy! Insane how blind they are and how evil the media is by twisting the truth.
Vice sucks, so late to everything
LOL Surovikin the butcher failed and is now being tortured somewhere by his comrades or was already thrown from an 8th story window for his "failures".
this dumb bike asking if these guys have recieved any psychiatric help lol lady theyre all frerakin fighting what stupid and waste of a true heros time
Thought this was Biden/Zelebsky/Boris war....
Israel bombed refugee camps,hospitals,aid workers!! Is it a war crime too? The west and their double standards make me laugh. Urrraa Russia 🇷🇺
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🙏🙏🙏🙏🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬
😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🤔🤭🤔🤭🥹🤭🤔🤭🤔🤭🥹🤭🤔🤭🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤭🤔🤭🥹🤭🤔🤭🤔🤭🤔🤭🤔🤭🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬
😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎🍓😍❤️🥰😍🍓❤️🥰🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬🇺🇬
this nazi propaganda is so disgusting... Ukraine nazis have been bombarding Luhansk and Donetsk since 2014:... No surprise Russia is defending itself!!!
For Rússia is everyone's blame, never him, Vladimir Putin should not exist.
Russia Still Win, Ukraine still funny with Zelensky... Viva Russia
She is a actor ...
May you live long putin❤
Did you know the USA hasn't banned cluster bombs they didn't mention that did they
War crimes have been committed by both sides these war crimes are not ordered there are done by individual soldiers vice always forgets to admit it
Don't forget the west started this conflict by instigating the "revolution" in 2014. They knew exactly what they were doing by paying for the overthrow of the legitimate Ukrainian Government at the time. So let's stop the one sided "reporting" maybe?
30:08 dude stand there like sigma no reaction👏
you cant call it a special military operations when half a million Russian soldiers are dead.
Thank you guys so much for not censoring anything. People need to see what the hell of war looks like. It can be easy to wish for it at times. RIP Vicenews
Slava Ukraina 🇺🇦 ❤
not putins wars it NATOS war
Anyone know the name of the song?
Russians have always been a brutal people, even to each other.
It's amazing how many words can be created like "misinformation" and "disinformation" instead of being honest and calling them what they actually are which is lies.
Not Putin's war but russian's war
Propaganda Amerika
Long LIVE Russia
Garbage
I remember when the powerful people of the world(allies)said if Russia attacked eukraine, they would be sorry and then some, errrr, they attacked, when does the woop ass start? Bit of an anti climax right?
I dont believe your report, bias media, when america destroy iraq, libya, yemen, where are you
The entire Europe hates Russia now, good job Putin.
Putin's war, right. Not anyone's else's, but "Putin's war"!!😢 Why is he still in power?
Seems to me Russia's average age will increase to socially catastrophic levels. Yay.
Year later 😂😂😂😂
уzzкие напали а не путин
quite inntersting the reporting on ukraine vs gaza and how idk all lives matter just not those lives.
lolthe ditor in chief to his boss "lets do a documentary on the ukrainian war, then sneak in some donations links so we can get donations and make a bunch of money off of ukrainian suffering"
Sure made Putin look good when the Canadian parliament gave a standing ovation to a former Nazi who was apart of a Ukrainian delegation.
So manny innocent people died& dying 😢 it really hurts. Please stop the war those who are involved. It gains nothing only losses. God have mercy 🙏
Because Putin was not charged at the ICC, he was earlier than the prime minister of Israel
Best line of defence,the COVID mask ?
Imagine,  that people of Eastern Ukraine lived like that for 10 years.
STOP WAR!
so many lies and propaganda
VICE ...FAKE NEWS
Unthinkable for 20th century? You're making me laugh. What Putin is doing in Ukraine is no different than what we did in the middle east since the late '80s. It's just a different flavour. A russian flavour...
I get more stupid the more I watch this 🐑
I want to reiterate the work done by vice news earlier during the maidan movement and the fall of Crimea since 2013 ...Vice news also created extensive series on previous Russians onslaught in the Donetsk region...I think it's name is " Russian raulet" ...they put their lives in danger to bring live war situations across the globe...good work vice news love from 🇮🇳
Putin is a war criminal !!!
❤😂😂🎉😢😢😮😅
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦 🇺🇦 🇺🇦 💔
In the eyes of Western countries, anything considered abominable when done by Western nations is often justified, yet when other countries make their own decisions, they are labeled as evil, the Americans killed momour gaddafi extort from Africans no body criticize them… this is 2024 any body believe all this western media is lost
We must never lose sight of the united value in democracy which prevents dictators from rising. Putin has all of this blood on his hands.
I wish this video would be played on every TV channel at once throughout the free world!
Back here a year and some change later Zelensky is a con artist and made himself a billionaire.
Russia will win. Ukraine should've surrendered day one. Biden giving away hundreds of billions of tax payers money is to blame.
That's propaganda, you are trying to change the public opinion. What happens in Gaza is not the same
21:19 you lost 20,000 people by the hands of Ukrainys Nationalists you liar.
18: 25  "If the main aim of the Russian military operation in Ukraine is to save lives then how is it possible that hundreds of civilians have already died there"???

-Ah because Ukrainy nationalists who were armed and funded by Kiev were murdering them ??
Notice how western European reporters will tell you what all Russians are thinking?
15:16 hey lady show us your sources .As far as we now know there ARE nazis in Ukraine,They ARE murdering innocent Russian speaking citizens and Crimea voted to return back to Russian leadership.No Wonder Putin is angry about the western Europe.You should be held accountable for your persistent lies to instigate more war against Russia.
15:16 look how sickly this woman looks..are you going to listen her??
5:22 he is a major problem,And these people are only feeding you false hope for Ukraine
Nationalists started this conflict when they were murdering the people of the Donbass.Putin intervened in 2022.Remember this
Might want to stop being Nazis now Ukraine
usa & ukrain ar soooo stupid!
Talk about warcrimes in iraq lady
The Obama administration actually started the war in Ukraine "we had brokered a deal to transition power in Ukraine" - Obama to CNN on February 1st, 2015, CNN Press room archives. 
US diplomat Victoria Nuland admitted that the US had invested 5 billion Dollars to change regime in Ukraine. 
RAND corp, the Pentagon think tank, published the exact Ukraine war plan in all details in 2019 already. Publicly available. 
NYT just recently published an article that shows how the CIA has been manipulating Ukraine for 10 years now, talking about the "unprovoked war" bullshit pretention.  
The Minsk peace agreements were sabotaged by the West, as famously admitted by Banderite ex-president Poroshenko, Merkel (two times), Hollande and Selensky.
half-truths
I can't believe we human beings still have to resolve problems in this way. I just refuse to accept it. We need to evolve. Call me naive but I bet we have what it takes.
@VICENews do you know if Sonia and her family are safe?
I think that many people have forgotten this because they were really sad that their protesting didn't work. But that's just why we have to keep trying for dialogue to work and to make this war end.
Look another side.Patrick Lancaster
Rusia RAKSASA,,,,Tdk mau Kalah,,,,Berapa Tahun pun,,,,Rusia Sdh Siap Perang
Democracy in nato not outside
russia, the eternal villain. if it cant kill its own people it goes offshore to kill others.  what a sh!tty bunch!! should the USA flip the coin on whether vlad  poopin WOULD use nukes if we went in to stop them???
it seems Zelensky Want russia check its weapon on Ukrainian civilians because Ukraine have no power like Russia   and Ukrainian need to be with Russia Because western and US  is trying everywhere  to weak its enemies But not fighting Face to face with his enemies and killings foreign civilians this through like now in Ukraine
200thousand? Lier.
Vice please...Do these "analysts" speak for you?
Faking old guy nobody believes a word he says!!!
Sounds just like america! Wake un idiots. America and the west have the best propaganda. We are so used to it!
Cluster bombs. How do we know ot was the American ones! Wake up! Use your mind. 1945 soviet union promise nato not one step past oder river. Russian loan ONE  AWAR AFGHANISTAN 🇦🇫
we must continue to support ukraine
GOD SAKE VICE, HOW MANY ADS DO YOU NEED ON ONE VIDEO!
I blame Americans and Europeans  putin is a good man
this would have been the best documentary if VICE never became woke
Vice has done a good job by documenting the stories, but there are always 2 sides of the story. It's actually NATO responsible for the war and Ukraine is just one puppet. If Americans and European think putin is bad, the NATO should think iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Vietnam etc bcz NATO and America has huge list. Russian were giving signal to NATO but they didn't accept so it's NATO responsible for the war 
"First see ur house you don't need to worry about other " 
Every country has their way of governance, if they don't comply to way it doesn't mean they are wrong
You stupid west
How much pay to lie ?
10:47
Does anybody know why her body is stiff here?
I feel for Ukrainian people how they have to suffer because of their greedy clown comedian president’s ego
I liked view news before it became a propaganda channel of US. I from India,  and they make bullsiss propaganda news videos of us too.
100 years ago,repeating itself
In my opionion if it was russian civilians riseing up wanting to be part of Russia them they should have packed up and moved to Russia. Thats just like me moving to Russia then saying I want it to be part of the USA. If people don't believe that it was russian soldierss the whole time then idk what to say to them
heartbreaking
NATO is just as responsible for this war as Putin. After they moved further east against their agreement. Putting the sole blame on Putin is just bullshit. They had to protect their only warm water port and have a buffer from Nato.
BRAVO RUSIAN URAAAA
Russian people mrazi
And one more month til year 2..
Now day 700 and counting, I wonder what would they sey now
Vice news on top again good work 👏
Watching this breaks my heart. I am from Russia myself, what a disgrace.
liars
liars
When did Ukraine force men to fight in this war?
This is an undisguised attack on the international system of security and economics throughout the planet. If this dictator is not stopped, wars will spread all over the Earth!
said they were committing a genocide but all putin has done is launch rockets into civilian areas
I remember back in 2014 Vice seemed to be leaning more towards the separatists. How the tables have turned!
Ukraine Nazi.
No Orcs comments here..keep it clear.
Путин все поавильно сказал, ничего хорошего от украины и близко не было. Путин молодец.
I had to stop watching 30 seconds in because the comment that this was is only because of Putin..... Let's not forget NATO broke the treaty NATO kept pushing its boarders closer and closer to Russia. United States over through the Russian supportive gov in Ukraine for a more western favouring president.  Why isnt this spoken about at all in this segment on how this war actually started......
Goes to show who paid attention  8 yes.ago when articles, and maps of his submarine plans under & across the Ukraine.  I felt like I was only one and dreamed it, but saved maps. Just because.
Good people of Ukraine stop being fooled by NATO and the western powers. Go back to the loving embrace of Mother Russia. Greetings from the Philippines.
😅 glad VICE is going bankrupt ..YOU DESERVED IT for allllll or lovely BIAS...you pretend to be independent of some jjnd but a actually people have realised tgat you suk at it 😅
This kid Sonia is just so precious. What a little glimmer of light... I wonder where she is now? I wonder if she is okay... I really hope she is okay, and her family too.
Putin was defending ethnic Russian Ukrainians
is this true that Vice doesn't exist any longer?
Thanks Voice to show the world what the criminal leader have done to Ukrainian people.
Ukraine was destroyed by zelensky Nato and especially the USA.. they don't help with Ukraine..
Nonsense, when it comes to politics Vice become one-sided
Thanks for subtitles, vice.
😢cheap
its "Kyiv", not "Kiev"
What about iraq / Afghanistan invaded by American
it just breaks my heart
🇷🇺🤎🇷🇺
17:19 Hmm... I wonder where else I've heard this before?? 🤔🇮🇱🇸🇩
I find it funny how Russia is spreading misinformation, disinformation, and propaganda but somehow we're not 🤡
Poor Ukraine. They don't have a chance to win this war!
The us is doing a great job of misinfo as well. This war could have been prevented before it started but we Boris Johnson n the west sabotaged it n sent over hundreds of billions that we could have used here on our own ppl to just admit Ukraine isn’t winning n has no chance of winning Russia has unlimited resources n unlimited ppl Ukraine only has x amount of ppl n only goes if the west continue to fund his government why are we funding there veterans but yet can’t even help our homeless vets this admin is a joke they want to weaken the us any chance they can the fed reserve is a huge ponzu scheme print more n more money every year to loan out our debt more n more to get more debt y do I think the us has never been able to pay off our deficit or debt bc we control the rules the us is a corrupt company that nato was created to protect just like the police are paid by the ppl but protect the rich n their companies
I feel fr the world 🌎 it's like  a bad dream. god help 🙏 us
Half truth is not the truth , its propaganda. 

Stop the war .

JESUS CRIEST SAVE.
Артём Гришанов - "ракеты с добром" и другие клипы о Донбассе с 2014 😢❤
Anne-Laure Bonnel - "Donbas" ❤
Propaganda.  The west wanted to push Russia for a war.  All they have to do was say No to NATO in Ukraine -  simple.  Russias been invaded twice - thus they have evidence not to trust.  NATO said it would not expand but has -  regardless regardless - they said they would not expand East  but have.  Thus line in sand drawn -  the fools wanted to cross.  As Putin said at begining in His speach -  which I did not pick up at the time  "for 8 years the people of the Donbas have been living in genocide..."

Now the west are losing.  Gods Kingdom is center  not left not right.  Gods Kingdom is nations united under Ruler from God -  nations united then purge the wicked within.   Currently;  all nations have good and bad -  but nations fight each other killing both good and bad.  God said he is handing the nations over to me.  Blog Truth33 from beginning.
thanks vice
14:12
Cluster bombs: crime again humanity when Russia uses them, But when USA gives Ukraine them to use they are a nessascary weapon in the arsenal of democracy
Errr.. VICE fire this reporter immediately? Did he not get the memo that KY-IV is now pronounced KEEEEEEEEV ?
If you support Ukraine, don't vote Republican
18:58 Her skin must've been boiling like water 😂
Russia is a terrorist state
Sweet this video is available in foreign countries now!! 🥳
Z
Good one
It's not Putin's war, it's Russian war, Russians supported and still support it by huge majority.
You failed to mention that the war started in 2014 after a coup de tate funded by the US, from a legal standpoint, this "invasion" isn't an invasion at all
This war is started by American
Dubbed> subbed
Putin just killed another one of his guys yesterday. When is someone going to do the same to him?
Love the racially bias wingstop commercial!!! Lmao 🤣
Only 629K views?? This needs to be seen. Mrbeast made a video comparing a $1 to a $500,000 plane ticket and it has had 140,000,000 views in past 4 weeks. While less than a million have seen this. Teenagers doing bad choreography on tiktok get mire views than this. I feel like i am surrounded by profligates. Why dont more people care about this? Sweep the human atrocities under the rug to watch meaningless inconsequential forms of entertainment. Ofcourse we need fun distractions it still feels weird that more eyes havent come across this news
Remember when y’all were hating on Vice? Yeah. Look at you all now.
Is there Russian sub/ dub of this report?
Westerners saying misinformation and disinformation mean nothing. All citizens are lied to by their government.
25:11 AMONGUS RUSSIA SUS? 😳📮📮📮
Vice really has the balls to ASK PEOPLE TO JUST FREELY give them money and they are making average $30k a month in YouTube alone and they are averaging 2.7 Million in income per DAY. Don’t donate to this people. Their content is trash any more and very rarely do they have good content. Don’t waste your hard earned money EVER for some one who just asks you to “donate” while you struggle to pay your bills and they sit comfy taking lavish vacations and pay someone to go to a country at WAR to get their rocks off because they are living so comfy they want some sort of risk in their lives.
39:53 ... that lady and that dude must have a screw loose or something like why stay there because its all you got, and you love the city ... when at any minute the Russians could kick in your door and kid nap your kid ... you don't want her to see the effects of war but wont leave for the sake of her safety all because that city means so much to you??? that makes no sense so when the 3 of you end up casualties then what... i under stand patriotism but dying for it is meaningless unless the young can live on to continue the will of fire !
Hearing "No" "This is my town" after being asked about fleeing was probably one of the saddest things and it brings me such grief for the people of Kharkiv. I hope they continue to kick Russia's skull in during this war, they deserve it for the things they've done.
Слава Україні!!!
Didn't Vice lose one of their own reporters from this terrible War? If I am not mistaken I believe she was killed in a rocket blast or something along those lines. This war is an atrocity and needs to end yesterday, Fuxk you Putin I hope you croke today. Slava Ukraine!! Love and health to all those innocent civilians. Healing support from the United States of America! 🇺🇸🇺🇦
It’s hard to overstate just how dark this war, and all wars in general are. I don’t know why we keep doing this to each other.
This looks terrible but who do you think spent billions building up the Ukraine military to 600,000 for an attack on Russia and keep threating Russia for 10 years what do you expect Russia to do nothing and wate untill its to late it was the US War mongers
the fact that this video only has 620k views is kinda depressing, how quickly the world moves on.
For US ambitious that's why Ukraine is on war.
Coming from Ukrainian: please don’t call this war "Putin’ war". It shifts the focus from collective responsibility to a single person. But it’s not Putin who’s killing, raping, committing war crimes. It’s russians, let’s not forget that 80% of Russians support this war, and no one is really protesting. Russians that left the country are not protesting outside the country either. It’s important to keep in mind that the problem is not one person, but consistent and systematic imperialism, chauvinism and colonialist behavior of a whole country.
I was watching this but remembered vice is bought out so what kind of agenda are they pushing
Explain Tate's jail sentence (Dec. 2022 - March 2023)
slava ukraine 🇺🇦
25:06 Amongus omg 😯⛔📮
The trauma we inflicted on Afghanistan and Iraq… but yet Russia is so bad… ouch
USA army also wanted to take over Iraq in couple of days and we all know what happened at the end...
Damn. The first Time i have to use a VPN because a Video is blocked in my Country (Austria/Germany) interesting.
They some real brain washed people in Russia. It’s experts that have predicted Russia will end up going to regardless due to lack of breed age males to restore the population hence why Putin has been taking the children and taking them to Russia. They know there time is limited regardless. And it’s all over this warmongering
They lost that battle because they was open lines talking about the mission they had and the Ukrainian army was able to read the post and had troops waiting on them. And good for them. Glory to ukraine
are any of these vice journalists former military?
32:41 looks at this dude😂😂
WTF why this video unavilable in Ukraine? greets from Kharkiv ambulance btw
Slava Ukraine. Thank you Vice.
Ukraine is not Georgia in 2008! Ukraine for Russia is Afghanistan for USSR.                      
The poor dictator is doomed.
God im in love with isobel yeung. Her bravery and intellect. Best journalist ever
Here is where I start to have a problem with Vice.  @23:55, you mean to tell me that your reporter did NOT know there was a body in there before taking a 12-year-old in there?  Like, you guys had NO IDEA there was a body in there.. like nobody scanned the building before going in? hmmmm
When there’s a war in Europe everyone is like support Ukraine what about all the wars in Africa ?
Poor Russian people believing sooo many lies one after another may god help them
Who is this clown woman who wears z shirt shut her up!!
Ukraine has lost two armies and is on its last. Their main and reserve armies have been decimated. Their last army is a mix of wounded veterans and conscripted boys and old men. It's estimated that Ukraine has lost anywhere from 7 to 10 men for every one Russian. Ukrainians are constantly begging for support because they are losing so terribly. All Western promises of resistance in certain key points of the war have been rescinded. Now that China has clearly shown support for Russia and Russian battles are turning up Chinese equipment, the West is in a conundrum. They do not know how to leave this war without looking like complete fools, just like in Iraq and ESPECIALLY Afghanistans withdrawal under braindead Biden. Notice every key city of defense has slowly fallen, now Bakhmut will be next. The offensive has stopped due terrible operating conditions i.e. mud. Read a book about Germans on the Ost Front in Ukraine, same issues. Once mid spring/summer arrives, the land will become stable, tanks and other vehicles will again have unlimited access. Notice there have been very limited footage of Russian regulars operating in theatre. Wagner group has taken out large amounts of enemy resistance without traditional army personnel, and they are still in a state of overwhelming success. There hasn't even been one sighting of a T14 Armata in battle yet. Russia has yet to deploy any of its state of the art war fighting equipment. Hundreds of first-hand accounts on YouTube with international legion volunteers, have all commonly claimed similar complaint: no artillery support, no ammunition, no food, no water, and many times abandoned by their main forces. Ukraine will capitulate and Zelenski will either hang or flee to America. Zelenski has done nothing but kill generations of Ukrainian men. The West will continue to say Ukraine is winning until there is one man left standing. It's called propaganda. The West does not want a war with the Brics nations. The Brics nations have all of the raw material, extremely cheap labor, and manufacturing capabilities which the EU and America have sold out long ago. America and the EU are constantly over budget and fail to pass deadlines regarding military build up. China has recently taken place of having the biggest navy in the world due to these exact issues mentioned above. The Brics nations are focused on National Pride and betterment of oneself while America and the EU have never been so divided due to the Govts blatant focusing on the well being of foreigners, immigrants and trivial issues regarding diversity and multiculturalism which is NOT a strength. Unfortunately America has reached its peak in being the world leader in almost everything. As in all things of this world, everything comes to an end. America was a bright flame, and bright flames fizzle out the fastest. Nations who've kept their own people, cultures, languages, religions, and identies in the forefront will be the only ones to continue. It's called being United.  Being diverse and betraying your native peoples for monetary gain has clearly failed. America is no longer a country. America is a business, it's no longer one people and its sure as hell not united. But you can keep getting your propaganda news and let them make your own decisions and conclusions of the world for you.
The fact that citizens are dying and innocent buildings getting bombed... and nothing is being done to putin. Is insane
Isn't it pronounced "Keev" and not "Kee-ev"?
There was no nazis in Ukraine until Russians showed up.
36:50 that guy is a chad
It's undeniable that the euromaiden riots were provoked by neonazi paramilitary groups like right sector and trident who later became the azov battalion and were being trained and supplied by NATO prior to the russian invasion.....To say that it's just russian propaganda is at very least disingenuous.
Hind Hassan is very beautiful.
Vice insisted on an insane stock valuation just a few years ago but now y’all beggin for bucks at the end of your videos.
Why is this video not watchable in the EU? Please make it watchable.
The resolve & resilience of the Ukrainian people is shocking. Amazing strength of character. Slava Ukraine.
Everyone wants Peace, EVERYONE
Putin's war? Fuckin bidens war and that's the fact
Russia didn't start this but will finish it 
никто не забыт ничто не забыто
You never know dude could have been fake sleeping.
I thought Ukrainians and Russian spoke the same language. I'm I wrong????
😮
SLAVA UKRAINE!
America can end this war whenever they choose too.
"Even those who speak Russian don't want to be Russian".  That really sums up a lot of this.
Every Russian over there is beyond brainwashed. They truly think they are the best country and have the best lives.
Putin and all of Russia need to be stopped and demilitarized. Sadly it will prob never happen, or at least one of those things.....
Putin deserves only 1 thing. Pretty sure we all know what it is.
The Russian soldiers killing innocent people are just as disgusting and do not deserve life. Keep taking them out Ukraine, you will win this.
Seeing these hurting people, what they stand for, what's really happening to them brings a tear to my eye and i'm not one to get emotional with documentaries etc etc. But... this is so fucking sad and disgusting at the same time.
Moscovian Imperial War in Ukraine. Fixed your tittle for you.
Im pro Ukraine but everyone loves to gloss over the fact that every american presidant broke their word and expanded nato(a military alliance) to Russias front door. To anyone who isnt brainwashed by propaganda its literally the equavalent of poking a bull and playing victim when it trys to run u down 0.0 Obviously Putins response is inhumane but are we really expecting like 20 ish years of the west lying and breaking their word over and over again not to have drawbacks?
Alexandra will be in my prayers.
I remember watching VICE back in 2014 covering what led to this.
War should only be military against military. How could anyone condone this?  🙏 for Ukraine
All Quiet on the Eastern Front
Just because I speak English doesn't mean I am English. Putin is an idiot because they aren't even Rus. They are barbarians that the stole the Rus name for legitimacy.
The look on the face of the guy interviewing  Maria-the-liar Butina is priceless. His questions were spot on. Thank you, Vice.
THE USA ALSO USES CLUSTER BOMBS!!!!!
(They didn't mention that, so I will)
2022 / 2023 in Europe. Why is GOD sleeping ?
Putin should be brought up on war crimes fact if he was an African leader or Middle Eastern leader America would have launched a full investigation
It's Russian war, not Putin's war. Please change the title.
This propaganda is stunning
Russian war in Ukraine to be exact, it's not putin who's raping, robbing and killing civilians. Even ruzzian folks who stay home are still guilty to have home grown dicrator bc of their ignorance to the regime they live in
aint no way bro was smoking the wrong way 11:51
Propaganda
*GOD BLESS THESE PEOPLE*
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Pretty ironic for anyone to say misinformation. Literally everyone accuses of misinformation. Everyone’s lying
Do we also call the Vietnam War the “American War in Vietnam” ?
Vice should rename this episode, zelensky's provocation of russia
why is this available only in the US?
"putins war" - it's all of Russia vs. Ukraine with lots of help from NATO
I always love a warning label
Does anyone else want to hug the poor Ukrainian babushka at 12:54 ???  That poor lady made me so sad.  Then they told that her husband died and it was awful. "Now we have to save him because I cannot live without him".  💔😞 
Берегите себя, бабушка. Дай Бог здоровья. Мое сердце разрывается за тебя.💛💙
38:11 is heartbreaking too, get poor Соня out of there!
Power to the people of Ukraine!
The problem is the left take this is a full-scale invasion you have no fucking clue
Why is this video uploaded 9 days ago? I specifically remember watching this about 9 months ago
Yet my uncle thinks that Russia is right 😮‍💨 and that this is fake news. Jesus Christ
Rusaians seeing this need to reflect on their mind big time. You will pay big time for what you did in Ukraine. You won’t succeed and younwikl all die in ukraine.
Really hits different. Thank you VICE for providing a crystal clear insight on this “military special operation.”

I sure hope Sonia and her family are Okay.
This is the Vice I love.  Great reporting on the front lines, no matter how upsetting.  Let the truth be seen and heard.  The 12 year old girl broke my heart.  May the world never forget this atrocity.
barbaric criminals. I wish everyone had to see this.
ugh the Russian government is so disgusting
Ukranians - please stop coming to Poland. There's too many of you already here and we're getting sick of your behavior here - the fraud, the fights, sexual assaults on women, robberies and screaming at service staff. Stop it!
At 2:47 they were already ready when Joe Biden took office 😏
Same happened to natives here ... same ...
An invasion is a one sided mass murdering !    Shame  ...
Putin wants his buffer zone, looks like hes gonna get it. LOL Nato wanting to come to close RedLINE
If zelesnky cared for his people he would have sat with putin and discuss in what way can we achieve piece without millions dying. But no he had to be a tough guy and want war no peace.
I know that NATO is controlled to minimize major incidents but when that fails, what’s the play?  We can’t just throw nukes around..
Is that old blood on the left at 10:12 ?
I recently saw a dog with a Z carved into its nose. I always heard that you can tell a lot about a person by how they treat animals. The Russians were eating the Ukrainians pet dogs and cats within the first month of the invasion. The Russians are pure evil.
Putin's denazification of ukraine
The denazification of Ukraine
Why does vice keep uploading the same content, I think ive seen you guys cover the lack of supplies for newly deployed troops 3 times now. The echo chamber is crazy
No current news, but captured the barbaric, feral pig behavior of Psychopath putin and his goons, even to their own recruits. Our CIA eats💩 so I will plan and execute a crusade of feedback for putin’s mafia oligarchs wherever they nest. I encourage all good folks to do the same.
I can't believe the young turks are repeating Russian propaganda. What a shit show, and comparing israel war with the Russian invasion of Ukraine is stupid. They are trying  to scare the public with this bullshit. Russia has been escalating since the start of the war, and if we don't stop them now, you can bet that in a few years, Russia will attack the baltic states.
People talk like they would not do anything if russia put missile systems and many more arms right next to usa borders. Usa is a warmongering country which literally corrupts the world with the 20.centurie's worst dystopian cult
The Young Turks is a traitor!😡 If Nancy Pelosi wouldn’t have removed Biden, the Democrat War Party could’ve one day ruled the world!
Whoever thinks that Biden has done this has lost their mind more than he has.
My god this channel has become such a joke.
Just straight up repeating Russian talking points at this point. 

Screw Cenk and his pathetic pseudo-pacifism. 
Slava Ukraine. 🇺🇦
Trump will fix it just by thinking about it
Yo we're not pro russia because Russia started the war we don't think Americans should pay for it. Just because you're friend got into a fight with someone who started it doesn't mean you should pay for his medical bills when your barley scraping by too
This is part of Biden’s PEACEFUL transfer of power. What the hell is he doing!!!! Biden needs to go NOW!!
Maybe Trump was right, 
Biden is the worst President ever.
Those russian intermediate ranged ballasic missles are insane! 3km/2miles a second. Can hit everywhere in the EU in less than 10 minutes.
Trying to trump proof their war and inhibit any peace efforts before he can take office.  You saying being pro Russia doesn't mean being anti war. That goes both ways. Being anti war doesn't mean being pro Russia.  Have no problem calling out anyone escalating but anyone attempting to desecelate is smeared instantly as pro Russia.
Calling out the war mongers while kyle and dave pak man turn a blind eye
Trump will have this over by the Super Bowl
Biden did this to try to screw trump
No "error".   Uncle Joe always was a war hawk.  This is his parting gift to the military/industrial/corporate complex.  My interest is what will happen when they start the "backdoor draft" again.
What if Russia decided to give some weapons of mass destruction to say. . .a Muslim entity that hates the US. They are definitely not afraid to use those weapons against us. If those weapons are used against us, shouldn’t we blame Russia? Stupid Liberals fail to understand that this is exactly how this is perceived on the world stage. When you take a step back and wake up instead of being “WOKE” you would realize that this was a grave mistake! ! ! Stupid Liberals better hope that they don’t start a World War over this STUPID thing they have done. They have NO understanding whatsoever of the enemies that hate us.
Israel didn’t start the war, Hamas did
If you start the war, you are not anti war, tell that to Palestinians cenk
Mark my words, Trump and Biden are just playing good cop bad cop.
There  is   nothing  wrong  per  se  in     getting  involved in a  conflict.  It  depends on  what the  conflict c   is about.  Standing  aside  when  you  country's  help  save  a  nation  from  being occupied  and   enslaved,  as  is  happening    with  Putin's  war against  Ukraine,  is  neither  moral   nor   good  political sense,  since it simply  invites  more  of the same.  I take  you  do  not  agree.   I  think   you  are  need   of  a   history  lesson  on the Second War.
Atacms are short range cruise  missiles as of 2024. They are old tech, with a service date of 1991.
Get  real.  Trump  doesn't 'want  the   war  to  come to  an end'.  He wants Putin  to  win,  as   does most of his  party. .  Why  do  you always take the side of the enemies   of  freedom?
Wow. This is one of the worst foreign policy takes, I have heard in a long time! Completely off on historic context, Russia's long-term empire restoration agenda and full of blame-the-victim logic. Worst of all, you guys just swallow the entire Russian bs narrative that Russia's rights have been violated by Western "expansion." Central and East European countries flock to the West and Nato because they are afraid of Russia. They have always been. It is their choice as sovereign nations to decide which way to turn. Nothing and absolutely no one gives Russia the right to dictate any free country's decision-making process. Not in Ukraine, not in Gerogia, Belarus, Kasachstan, or wherever.
If Canada decides to invade the US, you want us to make a peace deal and give up land?
Guys, slow your roll. If Russia really invaded Ukraine because of NATO's sustained encroachment, then why aren't they invading on the western front now with Sweden, Norway and Finland all firmly in NATO?

Russia's decision to invade has single-handedly increased NATO's border by a whopping 1340 km - by flipping public opinion in Finland towards joining NATO. 

If Russia is correct that they are taking military action in Ukraine because of NATO, then we can expect that it is only a matter of time before they invade Finland. Would that be okay too?

We should sit and watch while he does all this? If he's successful at claiming Ukraine and Finland, because there's no resistance, would he stop there? 

I am anti-war. But not anti-intervention if a military power will continue to expand territory, thinking the world will do nothing about it.

Let's stop with the Russian talking points, please.
Why is that walking corpse making any strategic military decisions?😮
Dumb OLD Joe Biden.
Stupid ass Joe Biden!
AIPAC is behind everything!  They want to start WW3 because they believe the Jews will be saved from the destruction.  What they don't understand is that they aren't the original Jews of the Bible.  God bless🌄
Still zero evidence Koreans are anywhere near Kursk or Ukraine.
I don’t know why those so called Jewish people are not the original Jews they were put there in 1948
YA'LL AT TYT ARE CHANGING....FIRST YOUR CHAMPIONING🇺🇦 AN NOW YALL SOUND LIKE FOX NEWS, RT AN RUSSKIE PROPAGANDA NEWS IN MOSCOW.......EVEN AFTA ALL GENOCIDE, DESTRUCTION, RAPE, KILLING KIDNAPPING OF CHILDREN ETC....YOU NOW WANNA GO BACK AN START THA BLAME GAME...DIS SH!T AINT GOT NUTHIN TA DO WITH NATO....BOTTOM LINE IS RUSSIA'S ALWAYS BEEN JEALOUS OF 🇺🇲 AN PUTIN HS MADE IT HIS LIFE'S  WORK TO KEEP 🇷🇺 RELEVANT AND TO TRY TO FORCE US🇺🇲 TO RESPECT 🇷🇺...WE ❤️ THE RUSSIAN PEOPLE, COUNTRY AN CULTURE..WE JUSS DONT LIKE HIM AND THE WAY HEEZ HOLDING HIS PEOPLE DOWN AN KEEPIN' THEM POOR..WHILE ALL THEE ELITES AN OLIGARCHS LIVE HIGH ON THE HOG🐖🐽... HIS WORLD WAR 1 AND 2 A$$ IZ STILL LIVIN' IN THE 1910'S...WW1 AND WW2... THRU TO 1991.....WHERE WHAT HE WORSHIPPED (COMMUNISM) AS A LITTLE BOY AND BELIEVED IN DISINTERGRATED BEFORE HIS VERY 👀's.....A BACKWATER BUREAUCRATIC KGB GUY WHO WASN'T  GOOD ENUFF FOR ANYTHING ELSE (A REAL SPY...REAL SPYCRAFT)....HE CALLED MOSCOW WHILE THE BERLIN WALL WAS FALLING..AND WHEN MOSCOW PICKED UP....THEY TOLD HIM: " MOSCOW IS SILENT."....AND HUNG UP (WHILE THE CROWD IS OUTSIDE HIS KGB HEADQUARTERS IN DRESDEN, GERMANY ABOUT TA RIP HIS HEAD OFF....DASS WHAT HE STILL ANGRY ABOUT....WHEN HE GOT BACK TA 🇷🇺...HE DIDNT EVEN RECOGNIZE  IT
The view of a Russian Woman: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUbpDoQwHLo
F Russia
Russia should not get anything
Oh and just in case a I am a Veteran 3 tours to Iraq
Questi miswili sono già stati usati dall ukraina il problema che Putin ha già detto che sa che la nato che fa questa querra ,ma ha modificato la dottrina nucleare dichiarando che qualunque tipo di attacco verso la Russia sarà punito severamente anche alle nazioni che forniscono questo.
I guarantee Cenk wouldn’t be pushing for peace with Russia if they occupied Alaska
And you wonder why people voted for Trump
Russia isnt winning😂 They lose much more soldiers every day, their economy is struggling massively and they got almost all the territory they have now in the first weeks of the war.
Just when I was feeling sorry for the democrats, they pull this nonsense. talk about tone deaf. you think when we look at our kids we think they are worth dying for Crimea?
I doubt Biden is capable of making any decisions quite frankly. Whoever it is, is dangerous.
Five were destroyed mid-air, one was downed and caused a fire.
Each Atacms missile...( if the cheapest option Lockheed Martin make ) costs eight hundred thousand dollars each.
Russia winning?? Look at the amount of occupied land now compared to the start of the second invasion in Feb 2022. 2016 they stole Crimea and a lot of easter Ukraine was contested. If u look at the amount of stolen land they lost since 2022 and what the Russians have now at the cost of hundreds of thousands of troops and treasure, they're not doing so well. Think of all the Ukrainians Russia has murdered in the SMO!

 Also, if we just let Russia have hunks of Ukraine, they will come back for more in a few years as they always do. Once they get Ukraine, Lithuania is next to give access to Kaliningrad. Then the other Baltic states and beyond. Also, w/trump coming to power, putin won't do anything too desperate as he most likely feels trump will help him. Russia's propaganda war around the world is going rather well for them. 

Keep in mind, we the U.S.A. and Russia guarantied Ukraine sovereignty if they gave up their nukes back in the early 1990's. Apparently our the U.S.A.'s word means nothing. Then again did it ever? If so, maybe only when it's convenient. NATO has to be joined, many of these countries are afraid of Russia, due to their past and present behavior, I'd join NATO  too if I were them!
Interesting how The USA promised Russia to not encroach near them, at the same time ignoring the interests of the countries that border with Russia as if their opinions do not matter.
What the Hell Biden " Don't Poke The Bear "
Is this why Biden was smiling?!
"🧓 Hahaha Trump... This situation is your problem now"... They really don't want Trump (the American people) to succeed..
Why is it acceptable for Russia to launch Ballistic missiles and cruise missiles comfortable from inside Russia, mobilise forces for offensives right on the border, yet totally unacceptable for Ukraine to engage those targets in Russia? Keep in mind the missiles Ukraine has gotten from the West are all Short-range cruise missiles. None of them can reach Moscow or almost any other large Russian city. They can however reach ammunition depots and airbases relatively close to Ukraine, which we KNOW Russia has used as launch platforms in the past and currently.
"Killing all those people, etc." You did it again Cenk. You showed us how much you care for European lives. Ruzzia peace means death. This is all they understand.
russian propaganda slop like this is why I unsubscribed months ago. What happened TYT? you used to be the voice of reason.. Ukraine is defending themselves for christ sake, how about we let them?
Yet another middle finger from the Democrat party. going to cause ww3
Why now, as he’s leaving office and not since February 2022????
You guys got me back today. Thanks for going back to being more neutral.
Russian puppet tyt.
180 Miles is still a short range for a missile.
Putin is the escalator, he’s a terrorist and a murderer, he must be stopped, he will continue to recover ussr territory
This unwinnable war has been going on for years,isn't it time to negotiate?
How can a man not fully there coherently think out consequences of his actions
TYT, I hate your rhetoric on Ukraine and Middle East.
Pure appeasement from a comfortable chair!
TYT working for Theil and Russia. Traitors to the freedom of everyone. Just admit you are fascists now.
They cannot do that when NASA is actually part of that
UNSUBSCRIBING FROM THIS PRO-TERRORUSSIQN PROPAGANDA. 💩
My recollection of events is TYT was cheering on the war in 2022 when the west goaded Zelensky to reject the Istanbul peace agreement.
Putin "grabbed land" in Georgia after the the US instigated a color revolution there.  And the US is still pushing Georgia to join NATO.
Russia started the war?  The war started in 2014 with Ukraine killing its own citizens in the Donbas.
Terrible decision on Biden's part... IMO
Biden and the Democrats want WW3. Especially under Trump's watch. They dgaf about America.
I generally appreciate TYT's political coverage, but their take on this conflict sounds more like RT. The (normalized-clickbait) title alone would unwittingly satisfy the Kremlin's press office.

Anyone who has paid attention to the conflict over the past 1000+ days knows Putin is already doing everything he can. Which even included calling North Korea for emergency intervention. Russia using nuclear weapons or attacking NATO would both plainly be suicidal for them. And that's before you factor in that their ground forces are entirely bogged down in Ukraine & Kursk, bleeding (increasingly-untrained) men and (increasingly-poor) equipment at the highest rate since WW2.

"But Putin said he'd use nukes if the West did this" ...yeah, he's a broken record at this point. The experts knew he was bluffing before and he will continue to do just that, regardless of whether more of his bases become vulnerable overnight. Ukraine's limited supply of long(er) range missiles is not going to make Russia significantly more desperate than they already are, merely make their war harder and costlier to sustain. Everyone involved in the conflict knows that. Yet the Kremlin will keep trying to scare voters and politicians abroad, because as TYT demonstrate, it sadly works on the less-informed.
Please point to a map and tell me which country are you not willing to tolerate the kidnapping of children and killing of civilians in? Where will you draw the line?

And Cenk and Anna if you’re so eager to trade land for peace you are more than welcome to offer your homes to Putin but leave Ukraine out of this. They’ve held the line against tyranny while you eat quarter pounders and flatulate on your chair.
I love you guys but you just don't know what is happening in Ukraine nor what is happening in Russia. Ukraine cannot defend itself from 'the archers' (fighter jets firing missiles, navy ships firing missiles, drone units, all who daily - yes daily - launch drones and missiles into civilian targets including electric power stations. 300,000 civilians are without water or electric in Odessa from an air attack a few days ago. Ukrainian strikes into Russian territory are to prevent the 'archers' from killing Ukrainians. Ukraine has been using drones to take out the amno, the planes, the drone manufacturers, the headquarters the logistics inside Russia nightly. But that is like a pea shooter against a bomb. You both fortunately, know very little about war and about what can stop Putin. Plus he always plays the nuclear card but there is no advantage to him to do so. The response from China, India, the U.S and Europe would leave him and Russia totally isolated and he know their would be a military response. There is no such thing as a defensive war. If you aren't allowed to fire back at your enemy's logistics, (on their territory) you won't stand a chance. Ukraine is near becoming independent from the U.S, and Russia is in stagflation and inflation. There Central Bank interest is at 21% and will rise again in December. Mortgage rates are 28%. To get a soldier to enlist they are paying a $30,000 sign up bonus. That is why Putin called the DPRK to send soldiers. I want this war over but Ukraine is not going to be told what to do by Pres. Elect Dump nor anyone else.
You yell at him to take action then yell at him when he does
3:54 you're spewing strsight up lies.
Imagine how much worse it would've got if the Democrats got in again. The words "I told you so" just dont cover it enough.
Gotta make sure profits are high for defense contractors and weapons manufacturers.
Ukraine is a vessel of the United States. There is no democracy in Ukraine, the country was stolen and Ukrainians have been used as cannon fodder.
North Korean troops on the ground fighting with Russia tells me Putin has no intentions on stopping this war and there is nothing Trump can do or say. Putin is the big dog not Trump
Russia has been using glide bombs. They bolt wings onto a bomb, fly to the border of Ukraine and let the bombs go. They glide in and hit their targets.

Russia has been expecting these missiles to get the green light for a while, and they moved their jets to air fields out of the range of ATACMS months ago. Mostly they will move the planes and attack different areas of Ukraine.

It looks like Ukraine was able to hit a couple ammo dumps with these missiles, but overall we don't expect them to be able to destroy a ton of stuff.

Mostly it just hurts Russian logistics. It makes them use more jet fuel to bomb Ukraine, and they have to truck in ammo from further away.

Ukraine has been asking for these missiles for two years. They expect an escalation from Russia, but not nuclear war. Russia has been doing a LOT of covert operations in Europe and they expect these to step up in response. 

With these now allowed by the US it's more likely the British and German governments to now give them their Storm Shadow and Taurus missiles respectively. Both of these missiles have a longer range than the US ATACMS.

I would expect similar restrictions on use with these missile systems. 

So I repeat myself, I wouldn't expect Ukraine to go crazy bombing everything in Russia. I expect this to somewhat hurt Russia's logistics. Definitely a good thing for Ukraine, but not a complete game changer in the war, and not a ton of escalation.
Biden did this to  see if Trump is going to be able to stop World War 3 ! Trump are you ready? I don't thinks so !
This is long overdue. Putin's red lines are nonsense. He has set dozens of them, all have been broken and he has done nothing, never will, and for simple reasons.

1 - China will never allow it.
2 - Even Putin knows, Ukraine does NOT actually pose a threat to their country.

This is all talk.

Anyone not supporting Ukraine is the real problem.
Big mistake Joe Biden beginning of world war 3
How is Biden allowed to make such huge decisions? I thought he was incapable? wtf is wrong with the USA
So tyt logic: usa let israel destroy gaza - bad. Usa dont let russia destroy Ukraine - bad, escalation.
I used tp share your views ,not so sure anymore. With some of the Morons posting here I am sure!  So If Biden is so damn bad just wait a few months......you will eat those words! Wise up,
The USA promised to protect Ukraine when they gave up their nuclear in a signed agreement. People are forgetting Putin thugs that have to be stopped. It's good Ukraine is getting help from its allies
Wow I really don't agree with this stance. I've seen it in European far left parties too, it's like a generation of people that grew up during peace and who think peace is the default mode, and that if you do nothing, it comes back to that. Well, it's more simple than that: war is there and you handle it or not, later is worse than sooner.
Biden is a coward.
I agree with most of the stuff you stand for, but not negotiating with Russia and stopping the resistance in Ukraine.
Stop acting like Putin will have any good faith peace talks. He won’t unless forced too he clearly don’t care about anyone else but his own power and “soviet” legacy.
As usuak tyt knows nothing of Russian or ukrainian politics. Slava Ukraini
Actually if by-then quickly starts a war with Russia, then he stays president and Blekrok keeps on suckin american blood and more... Or they loose if americans wake up from coma...
love this take TYT❤
I usually agree with this channel, but not on this.  What they get is any truce is HIGHLY temporary.  Russia will regroup,  modernize, and the next stop is downtown Warsaw. Why,  geography plain and simple.   The fact that they don't get that is staggering to me.
Putin only has to come through on his threats once to end the world as we know it.
One of the best takes I've seen on TYT in a while.
This is good news that Ukraine can use them now! Why are you pro russia?
you are wrong TYT. Please stop your insane take on this war. Ukraine is defending itself!!
you cannot blame ukraine or NATO. 100% is Russia! Please stop with your narrative
The U.S. and NATO started the war.
For Putin life is a game, and he's trying to speed run it.
As a European, this is a terrible take on the Ukraine war.
I back Bidens position and back Ukraine. F Russia and F Putin. Ukraine is on the Frontline of Russian aggression. If they fall Poland is next. Then Sweden and Norway. Stand with Ukraine
So TYT really have had a proper story on the Ukraine for over a year now. Ever since the approval of F-16's. In between now and then, we've had Ukrainian infrastructure destroyed, bother power and medical. The Russians have struck multiple public places in Ukraine killing civilians including children. We've had NK soldiers come in, and only NOW they comment on something happening. Either talk about it as much as Israel or don't mention it at all. You can't have it both ways. Also there was no official agreement between the Soviets and NATO. Also, asks yourselves why former Soviet controlled states why they joined NATO. Because we never forced them.
The longer Russia wastes its manpower and money in Ukraine, the less of a danger they will be to the rest of the EU.
Do not blame Biden, escalated w/ n korea
You have turned around on so many issues, you are becoming meaningless!
Biden is a lame duck. But still have  to give the green light for  strategic strikes inside Russia that Ukraine HAS to be able to do to have a fighting chance. This is not an escalation in that sense.
Putin can whine and huff and puff all he wants. He is extremely pressured already so this is great news. 
This permission should have been given from day one.

Also, this military industrial complex line and screwing the democratic party: 
Normally would agree, but FFS Putin has talked about restoring Russias glory since the Berlin wall fell. You really do want Russia to win in Ukraine. That would be terrible for EU and US.
Tyt being hyperbolic and shouldn't be comparing the two.
Wow this is the worst take ever. Almost everything you said here is wrong. Russia is not winning the war, they are gaining ground extremely slowly at massive cost. Russia is the one escalating by bringing another country into the war. Allowing the missile strikes that several European countries have already done is the most minor counterescalation possible. Escalating in a similar manner as Russia would mean US boots on the ground.
8:30  Biden authorized the Iraq war?  Did Cenk mis-speak?
This is one of the most realistic pieces I've seen when it comes to the Russia-Ukraine war. Most other mainstream channels keep saying that Ukraine is winning (or holding on considerably), whereas you even mentioned the peace treaty that the Ukranian PM refused to take, which essentially prolonged the war for no reason. And yes, it's laughable how the West supports Ukraine against the occupiers, but not the Palestinians against their occupiers, despite the higher civilian count. Keep up the great work, appreciate it.
Be careful about saying "Russia started this war". No, Russia started the invasion in 2022 - the FIRST illegal action that STARTED this war, was when a democr*tically elected pr*sident (Yanukovych) was illegal*y impeached (overthrown) with the western support (both political and financial) after he had secured a 15 billion USD + gas price at 70% deal with Russia, instead of an insulting 600 million EUR deal with EU - back in 2014. And after that revolution, the new and illegal government has started spreading lies that Yanukovych ordered to shoot the protesters (there is no direct evidence against anyone), even though he had actually made a deal with them a few days before that to calm things down - and things started to indeed calm down - before someone started shooting.

The motive is all in favor of CIA and democratic pro-war policies you've described. Without that revolution, Russia would not have taken Crimea (peacefully, with majority of Ukrainians in Crimea actually defecting to Russia) nor invaded in 2022. 

I had to censor some letters because youtube keeps on removing my comments....
Ana's nunbers are way off.  The destruction of Mariuopol itself is estimated to have killed well over 20,000.  We dont know though as Russia wont let snyone investigate.  

Bunch of feckless cowards.  Let Ukraine fight as they want to fight.  They were invaded.  Their people are being raped, murdered and abducted.  If Ukraine wants to negotiate, thats on them.

We pressured them to give up their nuclear weapons.  We also did not encroach, they came to NATO and the EU.  We are morally responsible for them.  

I guess the the young turks is alright with rape and murder, child abductions and bonbing childrens hospitals.  As long as Russia is doing it and not Israel.
Ukraine is fighting for her life as a country  with freedom and democracy and these two political commentators who like to believe there is no middle east peace without Palestian state autonomy deride the efforts by the US government to ensure she survives. Goes to show how difficult it is in big tent democratic coalition to find concensus when everyone looks after their own interests and pet topics.
You think the American public hates war? Really? This conservative nation just elected a guy who's promising to bring the military in to deal with the border crisis and possibly invade blue states. 

Polling seems to remain consistent that half of the United States supports sending aid to Ukraine. Interesting is that the guy who claimed he could read polls when it came to Biden dropping out of the election suddenly ignores them.
All Putin has to do is wait a few weeks, he won his propaganda war against the west and has effectively neutralized the USA.  

The USA will be closed for remodeling in January.
would not have to increase power if russia didnt invite north korean troops, people blame biden but this is purely russia's escalation, if putin wants to end the world he can and nothing anyone can do about it.
Hmm. I think Biden should have made this decission 2 years ago. But rest assured: in a month and a half Trump will be president and he will resolve the issue on a day 1. And regarding Israel: he will resolve that on day 2. To the full satisfaction of all Palestinians, no doubt.
Biden is arguably the worst and most dangerous US president ever.. thank God he and his useless dumb VP are out..      To top it off, this clown sleepy joe  approves long range missles in ukraine in his last month in office , just so he can leave a bigger mess for next president.
“Manifest Destiny: A Legacy of Roman Colonialism and Its Modern Implications in American Politics and Nativ Minority Struggles”

Introduction

The United States’ history is fraught with instances of violence and systemic displacement of Indigenous peoples. Central to this process was Manifest Destiny, a 19th-century ideology that promoted the expansion of the U.S. from the Atlantic to the Pacific Oceans (Smith, 2018). The belief that Americans were divinely ordained to settle the continent fueled the dispossession of Native lands. However, this wasn’t solely a secular mission—it was deeply intertwined with religious institutions, particularly the Catholic Church. Through its influence over Indigenous boarding schools, the Church was complicit in widespread cultural destruction and abuse (Jackson, 2021). Moreover, Roman autocracy’s co-optation of Christianity for political ends has left a legacy of religious manipulation that continues to affect marginalized groups today (Miller, 2022).

The Doctrine of Manifest Destiny and its Impact

Manifest Destiny was an expansionist political doctrine and a divine mandate. Many European Americans justified their right to expand and conquer Indigenous lands based on the belief that it was their God-given duty (Brown, 2019). This allowed settlers to engage in violent and oppressive actions with moral impunity, as the displacement of Native tribes was framed as part of a broader civilizing mission. Treaties such as the Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868, which was supposed to protect Indigenous lands, were ignored as soon as economic interests, such as the discovery of gold in the Black Hills, arose (U.S. Department of the Interior, 2021). The doctrine also had deep connections to the Catholic Church, whose involvement in colonization extended through missionary work and the establishment of boarding schools. By merging religion with expansionism, the U.S. government and Church leaders justified the subjugation of Indigenous peoples (Miller, 2022). Manifest Destiny provided the ideological framework for what would become one of the most destructive campaigns against Native populations in U.S. history.

Catholic Boarding Schools and Cultural Genocide

Perhaps one of the darkest chapters in U.S. history was the establishment of Catholic-run boarding schools, where Indigenous children were forcibly removed from their homes and placed under the control of clergy. These institutions were designed to assimilate Native children into European American culture by erasing their identities, languages, and traditions (Jackson, 2021). Tragically, many children suffered from physical and sexual abuse at the hands of priests, a crime that has been covered up for decades (Smith, 2021). Recent discoveries of mass graves near former boarding schools in Canada and the U.S. have shed light on the extent of the abuse (Smith, 2021). The Catholic Church’s role in this cultural genocide is undeniable, as these schools were often funded and operated under the guise of religious charity. This systemic abuse left lasting scars on Indigenous communities, contributing to generational trauma that persists today (Jackson, 2021).

The Black Hills Lawsuit and Modern Indigenous Resistance

The legal fight for the Black Hills represents a pivotal moment in the ongoing struggle of Indigenous peoples for justice. After gold was discovered in the Black Hills—land sacred to the Sioux—the U.S. government seized the territory in direct violation of the Fort Laramie Treaty (U.S. Department of the Interior, 2021). Decades later, in 1980, the Supreme Court ruled that the U.S. had stolen the Black Hills and ordered financial compensation. However, the Sioux rejected the monetary award, insisting their sacred land be returned (White & Green, 2020). This legal victory, while significant, underscores the limitations of colonial law. For the Sioux, the land itself is irreplaceable, and the U.S. government’s refusal to return it demonstrates the continued marginalization of Indigenous sovereignty (Smith, 2018). Modern movements like “Land Back” are part of a broader push for the restitution of Indigenous lands and the decolonization of U.S. policies (Brown, 2019).

Roman Autocracy and the Manipulation of Catholic Doctrine

The connection between Roman autocracy and Catholicism dates back to the Roman Empire when political leaders saw the Church as a means of controlling the masses (Miller, 2022). Roman emperors adopted Christianity as the state religion, using its teachings to justify their power and control over the population. This manipulation of religion has continued throughout history, with the Catholic Church often allying itself with political powers to maintain influence. In the U.S., this legacy of religious manipulation is evident in the role the Catholic Church played in colonizing Indigenous lands and oppressing marginalized communities (Jackson, 2021). The Church’s involvement in Manifest Destiny and the boarding school system shows how religion has been used to justify expansion and cultural destruction under the guise of moral superiority (Miller, 2022).

The Second Gilded Age and Modern Parallels

Today, the U.S. is in what many scholars call the Second Gilded Age—a period characterized by extreme wealth inequality and corporate influence over politics (White & Green, 2020). Much like during the first Gilded Age, when Manifest Destiny was in full swing, modern political elites used propaganda and religious rhetoric to maintain control. The influence of the Catholic Church and other religious institutions can still be seen in political movements that promote nationalism and exclusionary policies. This period also marks a resurgence in Indigenous activism, as movements like the Fight for the Black Hills and Land Back seek to reclaim stolen lands and restore sovereignty to Native nations (Smith, 2018). Indigenous peoples are at the forefront of resistance to modern forms of colonialism, challenging the structures that have oppressed them for centuries (Brown, 2019).



Conclusion

Manifest Destiny, the Catholic Church’s involvement in boarding schools, and the legal fight for the Black Hills all demonstrate the ongoing impact of colonialism on Indigenous communities. By merging political power with religious authority, the U.S. government and the Catholic Church justified the violent expansion and displacement of Native peoples. Today, Indigenous communities continue to resist these structures, asserting their rights to land and sovereignty in the face of ongoing marginalization. As the Second Gilded Age unfolds, it is crucial to recognize the parallels between past and present and to support efforts for decolonization and justice.

References: 

•	Brown, A. (2019). The Fort Laramie Treaty and its implications for Indigenous sovereignty. Journal of American Indigenous Studies, 14(2), 45-61. https://doi.org/10.1234/jaid.v14i2.234

•	Jackson, P. (2021, October 15). The role of Catholic boarding schools in Indigenous cultural genocide. History Online. https://www.historyonline.com/catholic-boarding-schools

•	Miller, R. (2022). Roman autocracy and its influence on the Catholic Church. Boston: Church History Publications.

•	Smith, J. (2018). Manifest Destiny and the ideology of expansion. New York: Historical Press.

•	U.S. Department of the Interior. (2021). Fort Laramie Treaty of 1868: Official government documents. https://doi.org/10.1109/doi.gov
	
•	White, C., & Green, B. (2020). The Black Hills lawsuits: A legal and cultural victory. Indigenous Legal Review, 21(4), 67-82. https://doi.org/10.5678/ilr.v21i4.890
Listening to the clownish threats coming from Zelenskyy 😂😂😂😂 ‘missiles will speak for themselves’ what an idiot.
Can biden extend his term due to a national emergency such as War with Russia?
I would say for what I read below that ca. 70% OF YOUR AUDIENCE DISAGREE WITH YOU, ANA AND CENK! Rethink your position, you are totally wrong.
i dont think it is a mistake, he knows trump is coming in and knows where he's at with wanting to settle a deal with the two countries. He also knows the replublican house and presidency will not send money to the Ukrain and is giving them a fighting chance .
oh my, this is so bollocks what u r saying
There is no country more brave today than UKRAINE. There is only one evil here, and it is the Putin's regime. You don't seem to highlight that enough at TYT. You don't really care about the injustice suffered by the Ukranian people. Imagine if America is invaded.. whould you have the same views as you believe Ukraine must have? Giving up territory? No having any weapons to defend yourself? You are hypocrites.
Guys, you have no clue what you are talking about: Russia is NOT winning the war, that's number one. Number two, the Russia's Kursk region was not taking for territory bargaining, that was the war strategic move. Also, you do not have any experience in the military, you do not know about Ukraine and Russia inside and or out, you think you know and you are making judgement calls based on the media that you are criticizing in the different videos.
Russia is NOT winning the war. How is their Black Sea Fleet doing?
Russia had more Ukraine territory in the first days than they have now. 
How many Russian lives are lost? 

You guys are way off base here. I usually agree with you guys. 

This should have been done two years ago. The war would be over. Russia has had redlines for everything from javelins to HIMARS to ATACMS. 

You guys are wrong
You Progressives are just weak and scared. You had the opportunity to have a SEAT AT THE WHITE HOUSE FOR 4 YEARS as you deserved, yet you just obeyed Biden for few achievements. Even the A-holes of Sinema and Manchin had more power than all of you. Really pathetic! I hope you recognize that the TRUMP WIN WAS ALSO PARTIALLY YOUR FAULT. YOU DID NOT FIGHT BIDEN AND HIS SUPPORT FOR RIGHT-WING ISRAEL ENOUGH, AND OTHER THINGS. You just feared to lose to Trump, and it was exactly what happened. No Mea Culpa in the Progressive movement, only blaming the other Dems? If you would have a little bit of spine, LONG AGO you would have a PROGRESSIVE PARTY!  What do you going to do now? Nothing, just keep going. You will never have a seat at the White House or else unless you have your own party. Build a real party, people will only join you because you are not just behind mama's skirt, and no f**ing centrist Dem candidate, and in the long run you will win, that is the path, but only if you are brave.
in Biden's mind: we have to help Europe and win WWII !
Cenk You are wrong and you are a coward, Anna is a pro Trump Putin traitor, Go Joe and the free World!!!
You guys at TYT could not be more mistaken! If Biden wanted to favor the military industrial complex, he would already have approved the ATACMS and more long ago. He did not until finishing his term. This argument is ridiculous, as well your remarks that Ukraine is losing the war.
Looking at these comments I truly see how the Democrats have become the party of endless wars. Liz Cheney would have been right at home.
Are you actually blaming this on the US?! The US didn't start this, Russia did. They took Crimea. They invaded Ukraine. Putin is NOT an honest actor, he's not reasonable, and he's not going to stop willingly. It's not Biden doing a "last minute escalation", it's Putin needs to be stopped, and diplomacy hasn't worked with him because HE'S NOT REASONABLE
8:39 “saying to Ukraine, maybe you start a giant war with Russia” wtf are you smoking?
Escalate? Russia is bringing in 100k North Korean troops. If Ukraine falls who is next? Russia has a master plan to take back all former soviet union vassal states.
You guys are amazingly wrong here. If France had bailed on our Forefathers we'd prolly still be under the King's rule now. If Biden and Jake Sullivan weren't such p*ssies, Ukraine should've had those LR missiles available to them when they launched the counter-offensive in the south in '22.  Give Putin all he asks for and every dictator will be lining up to get theyr share (Iran, China, NK etc). War is hell yea, but Liberty and Freedom are earned and all Ukraine asks is for the means to achieve what they want. But if you give Putin that 20%, he'll definitely be back for more in 5-10 years and Xi will send in his forces on Taiwan ... deal with Putin now I say and give Ukraine the means to do it.
First time I’ve ever disagreed with you. Trump is CONTROLLED by Putin. Trump will do as he is told by Putin. Trump will "negotiate" a deal favorable to Russia. In other words, Russia wins  and Ukraine loses. Then, Russia invades Moldova, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania and all of the other former Soviet vassal states. Do you honestly believe Europe will stand idly by while Russia reassembles the Soviet Union? Russian aggression will start WWIII. NOT Ukraine using weapons to defend itself.
TYT.. wrong side of history, wrong side of reality, wrong side of morality ... honestly done with you guys. Given all the screeching from you about a Gaza genocide... and there is an actual.. mass scale genocide going on in the biggest country in Europe.. not a tiny sliver of land 10kmx40km and thats no big deal to you.. not worth fighting for to you. Shameful.
Biden allows long distance weapons to hit targets inside Russia, GOOD, FINALLY... Russia will never stop, why shouldn't Ukraine be able to take out their supply lines? And Russia will never attack the west for allowing ukraine to shoot into Russia, Putin knows Russia is a demolition site if he attacks the west.
Russians can invade, russian can send Koreans to invade Ukraine, but Ukraine cannot launch an offensive?. Right! 👍
Your wrong TYT
If mexico decided to be a socialist communist county and align itself with Russia and China , even allowed bases to be built there,what would america do, would they allow it,but yet u want to do expand NATO to Russias doorstep and don't expect them to react
TYT sounds like you are about to bring back Jimmy Dore and have Tulsi on as special guest. Sigh. What next, biolabs?
The long range missles maybe too little too late.
Biden was letting the zios steal Gaza well before Trump.
Love TYT but they fail to see that Russia is a bully and we all know how to deal with bullies. We stop Russia we stop ALL the other countries thinking about taking land.
Its a war Ana. Do you expect Russia to play softball once Trump hands Ukraine over to them?
Biden will be remembered for the most catastrophic foreign policy failures in US History.
Cenk I'm glad you mention the part when NATO Would not encroached East. It is true fact
Actually, Russia has been provoked beyond all reason to enter Ukraine in the SMO.  J Sachs will explain if U listen.  So, as usaul, USA USA war propaganda continues to say US has no choice but to excalate.  Joke and more jokes!   Biden never should have gotten close to any political office as he has done nothing "for the people" ever.  Got us C Thomas on the court, stabbed Bernie, bailed out criminal bankers, forever lies.  So, now we are in a question of what will russia do to respond -- S Ritter doesn't think the the 1st choice will B nukes, but expects a devastating strike v. Kiev gov't.  Then, we'll c.  However, he thinks Russia must respond -- decisively.  Recall that this war has been ongoing since 2022.  Post Maidan coup, post Minsk Accords 1 and 2 . Ritter thinks we R closer to nluke war than ever.  Why is the devil Biden/Blinken still allowed around us?
Good it's the right time for 2 reasons pain for Russia and confused and chief just got the middle finger from Biden on his way out 😂😂😂
Wow. I love tyt but you guys are always way off on your Ukraine coverage. "ONLY 11k dead" Ana? Do you not realize you sound exactly like the zios when you say that? Also, as of November 15, 2024, 3.7 million people were internally displaced within Ukraine, while 6.7 million refugees have fled to other countries. I would say you're misinformed but since your job is literally the news I really wonder what is motivating this willful ignorance of the facts.
Biden legacy is one of the most hideous in modern politics... good thing he won't remeber it.
Thankyou for providing honest reporting and real logical options with major bias aside. I was a YT member back in jill pike days. 2005 , i took a few years away recently and im back now As an open minded proponent of what you do. i agree with 70% and happy to be here.. Keep up the great reporting.
4:00 - Ana "Russia is winning the war" - I like you, but I will never forget this. I hope this comes back to haunt you. Ana gives up. Not that she ever cared.
Dementia patients should not be making war time decesions. Period.
Don’t worry Trump will end the war in 24 hours!
TYT has failed the people. No longer support them.
Ok so if you dont want to support Ukraine maybe return them at least 1/3rd of their arsenal that they gave away?
On Times Radio's Frontline program, military analyst Philip Ingram speculated that the recent US green-light for Ukraine to use long-range missiles on russian soil might actually be connected to Trump. Ingram pointed out how, after Trump won the election, russian state tv attempted to smear Melania Trump by publishing and mocking her old nude modeling photos. According to Ingram, this was likely an intimidation tactic by Putin to show who's in charge - a classic move from an ex-spy’s playbook. He suggested that Trump’s team might have influenced Biden’s team to approve this move, possibly to give Trump more negotiating leverage down the line. It's an intriguing and plausible perspective, especially considering the timing of events: Trump’s call with Putin, the state tv smear right after the election win, and now this missile decision.

I also appreciated Ingram’s assessment that the war won’t be decided tactically but rather at the operational and strategic levels - areas where Ukraine clearly holds the initiative. Constantly declaring that Ukraine is losing the war seems like announcing a defeat, which is far from the reality on the ground.

The Times Radio video mentioned is titled "Putin visibly ‘shocked’ by US green-light for long-range missiles to strike inside russia".
So Russia can invade. They can use weapons from Iran, China, and North Korea,  but as soon as Ukraine can finally hit back. Now parts of the Western world complaining this will start ww3. No! Russia started it by invading another country!!!!!
Here's a more nuanced view of the Russia-Ukraine war ==> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L9_17sjZNz8
The only mistake is stopping here, Ukraine needs more weapons and increased operational capability. 

Isolationist TYT are fueling the enemy. "Pacifism is objectively pro fascist, this is elementary common sense."
Turks have always hated the West.
Exactly, this is what everyone has been saying about Biden, he is unmasked as a war hawk and this screw up Ukraine even more and puts the entire world on the brink of WW3 what is wrong with this grandpa. Not just America hates war. The entire world does. He is just the worst 🤦‍♂️
Democrats are trying to justify a war before Trump gets in because they know Trump is gonna end it all.
NATO started the war, not Russia.
Every show Ana says put trump aside?..lol..
Your casualty number for civilians in Ukraine is completely wrong
Joe and Mika bent the knee this weekend. Sorry to see that all these platforms are bending over for trump, and he's ramming it in. Sad and disgusting!
Again the lie that there was an imaginary promise about NATO not expanding not written on anything, not even toilet paper.
I hear that TYT is having financial problems, based on this video I'm guessing you found a new source of funds? Comrade Kasparian can buy nice shoes and fur coat with rubels, dah?
How can increasing defensive capabilities be called escalation? That’s a Russian talking point. Ukraine wants to slow down the bombing of their cities and civilians and infrastructure and stop the kidnapping of their children. Extremely disappointed in your take on this. You’d feel different I bet if this was Turkey or Armenia being attacked. wtf, tyt.
Greeting from Germany ,Thank you Ana  for PEACE work.Shame on  Genocide JOE Genocide in GAZA .Free PALESTINE.
It's ironic that the punish the democrats Pro palestinians have sealed the fate of gaza and the west bank.
TYT has this colonial attitude towards Poland, Czechia and the rest of NATO countries that joined in early 2000's. You belive US came in and forced this countries into joining NATO, but it is the other way around, US was reluctant but for example Poland needed NATO to secure itself against Russian an enemy since before US was even a colony
OR, my idea: Ukraine agrees to give up Crimea under one condition: They are allowed to join NATO IMEDIATELY. THEN, Russia would leave them alone. NATO could entirely WRECK Russia in three days flat with REGULAR armaments. ~ Pardon the caps.
Ukraine can’t win they need to negotiate peace
God bless Joe Biden. Better late then never. It will not change course of the war, but would allow Ukraine to get catch a breath
The American people *usually* hate war; not this one.
Just get ready for Putin to take Georgia, too.  They are already harassing the hell out of Georgia and infiltrating its government.
Putin learned from the US it was fine to steal territory through war. 
I don't think he is a making a precedent here, peace lovers.
8:35  Ukraine is going to "START a giant war with Russia"???? Start a war? That has to be the most ridiculous thing Cenk has ever said. There has been a giant war since 2022. The conflict started in 2014 when Russia sent Spetsnaz forces invading the Donbass. How is Russia going to escalate beyond everything they're already doing including their latest provocation of importing N Koreans. The war can't get any more "giant" than it is because Russia is at its limit. At this point Poland could launch an offensive and capture Moscow in a couple months. The only thing stopping it is Russia's nukes, but Putin can't use the nukes without losing China's backing and oil sales. 
The West never "pushed" Ukraine into war, it was never going to seriously invite it to join NATO. Boris never convinced Zelensky to not negotiate, Ana is just dead wrong. Putin invaded. Zelensky has been consistently determined to defend his country, he hasn't needed encouragement.
Why does the blonde woman lower voice.
I watch TYT every day, but this take ain't it. Support Ukraine till the end!
I watch TYT every day, but this take ain't it. Support Ukraine till the end!
Seriously considering unsubscribing after watching this 'expert' analysis, sigh... So Ukrainians should've just bent over 3 years ago and let Putin take whatever he wants? What's happened to you guys. You used to know what you were talking about.
you guys can compare the middle east GOD WARS to ukrane
RUSSIA HAS KILLED 200,000 apox in UKRAINE so maybe google some facts
You still want us to believe that these are Biden's decisions!?
Should it be funny!!?
Go Ukraine!
Man didn’t need a ride, he needed our help
Only frustraiting listening to Cenk joining Ana in spreading Kremlin and conspiracist propaganda. Genuine Kremlin wording, Kremlin fear mongering, twisting historical facts - it just has it all.
TYT is falling for Russian propaganda hook, line and sinker.
This is not an "escalation". Russia escalated by illegally invading and annexing land, mass-murdering civilians on a daily basis and constantly threatening nuclear war.
This long-range missile permission is long overdue. It simply allows Ukraine to take out military supply facilities and missile launch sites that Russia has been hiding just far enough behind the border that Ukraine couldn't reach them. Russia has been firing missiles for years from these sites, attacking schools/hospitals/supermarkets/etc in major population centers.
This is what happens when you have a trigger happy, no holds bar spender with little brain left in white house trying to have people killed before he is kicked out. Once he is no longer going to be the next president all his powers should be restricted and not have the war mongers push him into another global war where innocents die. Peace not war is required and  leaders not politicians are the need of the hour
Peace talks with Russia and Putin are kidding? Even if somehow sits down talks and end war ,  he will invade couple take rest country.  China love see this happen Taiwan 🇹🇼 HELLO 👋?
The military industrial complex loves this. Almost $900 BILLION in pentagon budget cannot be accounted for. It's military industrial complex Gone Wild 🤦🏼‍♂️😂
TYT completely lost the plot on Ukraine. You have more in common with Trump and Russia.
Putin has wanted a reason to go further than Ukraine, and Biden wants to give him a reason to attack a Nato country we'd have to defend under treaties.
I thought it was Trump that was supposed to bring in WW3 ?
I'm betting this DPRK story is a phony pretext for escalation. Am I the only one who remembers the Iraq WMD story?
Cenk - you wanted Harris to win. Do you think the Harris administration would be acting any different? They would also be prowar.
It could be much more subtle a message. Trump, Musk and Putin communicated. Trump promised to end the war (although it probably meant somehow screwing Ukrainians) on a deal for Putin to somehow get him elected (although we're not sure how). How do we know? Putin bragged about it and his associates refer to  Trump owing them. Trump gets trolled with Melania pix and in a most non Trumpian way doesn't cry about it. Seems Biden's message may be  "interfere with America and align yourself with subversives and there will be consequences".
"You can't be anti-war - if you start a war" 
Said the people whose biggest obsession are jews fighting for their country in a war they didn't start.
The Jews invaded Palestine you dumb arses. Palestine has the right to defend herself. God commanded the Jews through Moses with the Ten commandments, the first being Thou Shalt Not Kill solve your problems peaceful and yet The Jews have committed every sin since. And the fools that support the Jews and their evil because the Jews told Constantine, that God is going to reward you if you do, WTF.  Yeah like he rewarded the Americans for slavery with a civil war!  Those who live by evil means die by them and just like September 11th there is nothing to say that 7 October was not an inside job since it has aided the Jews with their clear Agenda!  The Ukrainians attacked Russian civilians in 2014 committing Genocide, Putin had no choice but to come to their aid. All this western propaganda it's sickening but continue making out that America is innocent when it is the aggressor and always has been!
TYT should stop covering foreign policy as they obviously know nothing about it and buy into conspiracy theories and Russian propaganda. Russia has been bombing Ukraine indiscriminately for years targeting civilians and its about time they are allowed to strike back on Russian soil to defend themselves. Cenks argument about this decision not having any effect on the war is the most idiotic argument I have ever hear from him. If it doesn't matter why should the Russians care. You cant' argue that on one hand it's a dangerous escalation and on the other hand is has no effect.
I love TYT and I'll continue to support them, but I'm afraid I disagree with them on this point. I do however respect their opinion on it
Nato never said that it won't expand. 

Putin in 2003 himself said that Ukraine wanting to join Nato was their right and Russia won't interfere
Biden doesn’t care anymore. He’s already lived his life. Gaza fighting will most likely stop when all hostages have been returned. Stop bringing up Trump, all of these wars took place under Biden and democrats
6:02 really cenk
Isreal was doing that from its conception.
Folks do understand North Korean forces are  being battle hardened in Ukraine for the invasion of South Korea.
Don't be WEAK. Putin doesn't respond to diplomacy; he responds to strength.

This weak, pathetic dilly dallying by Europe and some in the US is what prolonged this war. Had Ukraine been allowed to act more decisively in the beginning while Russia's war machine was still slow, this war would have been over already.

Putin is not going to use nukes against NATO. His own generals would take him out the minute he orders them to.

Go full tilt now, or lose 10s of millions of people later.
Why are people worried about Trump when you have Biden WTF.  Can nobody stop Biden, He is responsible for aiding a Genocide and now starting WW3, America is such a disturbing country 😢😢😢
All the warmongers in the comments should be the first ones in line to sign up for the service. All talk, no contribution.
Democracts love war and the comment section proves it. Disgusting
But trump is the war hawk
Yes Moscow Anna, sad sad news
I always get the cold chills everytime someone says ”- Ukrain have the right to defend it self, BUT….”! The BUT is always full of shit!
No Cenk we don't love war, we love justice.
The reason why we care more about the civilians killed in Ukraine than we do in Gaza, is, Gaza started the war by killing 1500 innocent young people in Israel, unprovoked. And has continued to vote in a terrorist leadership, that probably will keep doing it again, if they can. Whereas Ukraine was completely innocent and got invaded. So that's why we have to continue to invade Gaza, to put in a leadership that will not continue the terrorism  against Israel. Whereas we don't have the same worry of Ukrainians committing terrorism on their neighbors. Get the difference Ana?
The victim being allowed to defend itself against agression is NOT escalation. 🇺🇦💪🏻✊🏻🇺🇦
Puppet Biden signing off on this is wild smh. All this will do is going to bring more pain for Ukraine, the mother country is going to take off the kid gloves now.
Oh my God they're on the Putin payroll. The war was not because of NATO lol. Or because Putin was scared of trump before. Its because the Democratic reformer from Ukraine, Zelensky, that Putin hates, was not elected until 2019. And then after that we had covid. And then Russia invaded after that. So that's why they invaded at that time, to get Democratic reformers Zelinski out of power, not because they were scared of trump before or were mad about NATO, lol. Edit - Also they really wanted that particular region in eastern Ukraine, the Donbas,  because that is where the best oil and gas fields are in Ukraine. Not because they have Nazis there lol. So Putin figured they might as well go get them now.
Oh right the young arabs will deny Ukraine chances to defend themselves
Biden is going nuts
You could hardly have shown better that you are simply ill-informed, naive and blinded by fear on this subject, Ana and Cenk.

As a country under attack, Ukraine has the right to defend itself under international law, which also means that it may attack military targets on the entire territory of the aggressor (Russia). The "critical mistake" is therefore not to help Ukraine to defend itself accordingly, but to impose restrictions on Ukraine to use weapons only on its own territory. ("fun" fact: the West does NOT impose such restrictions on weapons to Israel🤔)
On this point, Ana and Cenk clearly support Russia's view that Ukraine should not be given this permission.

Russia, not the US, is the one who doesn't want to stop escalating. Russia let its military invade Ukraine. Russia targets Ukrainian civilian infrastructure. Russia could stop the war at any time by ceasing all combat operations against Ukraine and withdrawing its military. But Russia does not want to stop terrorizing the Ukrainian people.
Here too, Ana and Cenk take the Russian view that it is not Russia but the US that is escalating the situation further and further.

The current situation is that neither Ukraine nor Russia can resolve the war militarily.
But Ana and Cenk are again taking Russia's point of view and claiming, completely unrealistically, that Russia is about to win the war militarily.

Russia is well aware of the power of its mendacious propaganda and its empty threats of escalation or WWIII. Ill-informed, naive and fear-blinded people believe every word from the Kremlin and thus become Putin's useful idiots, as you can easily see from the absurd statements of Ana and Cenk in the video.

Russia has no interest in WWIII. It is not even capable of defeating Ukraine militarily within 3 years, so how is Russia supposed to compete with the entire might of NATO? For almost 3 years now, every country in the world has seen that Russia is militarily weak and now on the verge of economic collapse due to Western sanctions. Which country, apart from North Korea, would want to fight alongside Russia in a war against NATO and why? China? Out of loyalty? Certainly not.

And Ana again repeats the long-disproved lie that the Ukrainians did not continue peace talks with Russia in 2022 because they were ordered to do so by Boris Johnson. Any editor or journalist who takes their job seriously and has looked into this matter knows full well that the Ukrainians broke off peace talks with Russia because of the revelation of the terrible Russian war crimes in Bucha.
Not surprised by all the pro -war right wing democrats in the TYT comments
You failed to mention that Russian land incursions have only happened under Obama and Biden. Trump finish wars and the dems start them.
The mistake was not going in harder earlier and providing everything Ukraine needed to protect itself. All the blame for this war is on Putin, it could end tomorrow if the Russian military just got out of Ukraine.
Russia is winning the war? 3 years and thousands of casualties  on them cand all they have a few counties on the Eastern side? I don't really consider that winning.
I am amazed at the doubling down hardcore globalists in the comments, who reject even most of their fellow liberals, and instead actually favor war with Russia.  Some of y'all "liberal" commenters are more neo con and more war mongering than Bush and Rumsfeld.
cenk is a clown he doesnt know why putin invaded
The timing of this is highly suspicious. If I didn't know better, I'd say Biden was trying to escalate this war to leave a bigger mess for Trump when he takes office. 🤔
Dems are trying their best to fk up as much as possible before Trump gets in.
Love you guys but you're wrong on this one. Biden should have taken off the boxing gloves well over a year ago. Have you learned nothing from Vietnam, and Korea? The Russians are not winning. simply occupying land and mining it isn't winning when you have such a huge casualty rate and extreme loss of equipment. Allowing the Ukrainians to destroy Russian supply and infrastructure is how you win a war. I do agree that it seems stupid that Biden waited so long do this. But he also waited too long to drop out the the race this time around. We can agree to disagree.
Spy (s&p 500) doesn't like this. But Lockheed (LMT). And general dynamics (gd). Are luvin it..
Trump wanting the war to end is bending over for Putin. Putin will take his gains, recover and invade again in a few years.
So Russia is allowed to escalate time and time again is OK? But when Ukraine retaliates it is bad? Get it in your heads that Russia is threatening Europe and has to be stopped now! Remember that US, UK and Russia guaranteed to protect Ukraine in order for them to give up their nukes! Biden and Sullivan has been to slow for long now, Russia will never use thei nukes!
Can't wait to see what the usa would do if NK troops were fighting in South/Central America
Oh no! giving a small country the proper tools to fight back against the world's largest country mass killing innocent people. It's not like we have an obligation or something, oh wait we do! it's part of the 1993 denuclearization act. You can't escalate a war, a war is the escalation. I say good on Joe for this one. Pretending that there is a negotiation with Russia is a joke, Emmanuel macron the French President literally gave Putin multiple options before the war even started and he didn't even look at the options
i think Ukraine should have been allowed to attack in Russia LONG ago....Russia started the war, for the most part their people are going about their day as normal unless you may live on the border...Let them send some missles into major cities in Russia just as Russia is already doing in Ukraine....second its a bunch of bs that Russia is always calling the stipulations of helping Ukraine...(oh if you let them do this, we can do that) Now THEY have got weapons and troops from another country to help an OFFENSE...so yeah US should allow Ukraine more drastic measiures
Biden amping up WW3. Worst president in our lifetimes. Can we get president Trump sworn in early before dementia, foreign policy failure Biden blows up the world?
Good old Joe, f@cking everything up before his end
TYT was always terrible on Ukraine.
So now everything is going to be trumps fault
Democrats are trying to escalate the conflict in Ukraine so that Trump will have a harder time resolving it.
Stupid analysis and comments in this channel...ATACAMS use US and NATO satellites and intelligence and officers to set the flight assignments and targets into Russia..Ukraine cannot do this...they just press the fire button..that puts USA as directly involved and participant in the war!!! Imagine if Russia done the same thing in Mexico given the Mexicans Russian missiles to attack USA and programming flight assignments and targets in US soil killing US soldiers..how would USA react!!!  The USA will strike Russia back!!!
Biden might just be in his "fuck all of ya'll" era.
Hey, Uyger, how many times should you let someone punch you in the face before punching back?
You really miss out all the story as to what started this. It didn't start in 2022.
Ana and Cenk dropped the ball.
THe ERROR was not to give the permission late 2022 early 2023. Than this was going to be effective. now is mostly symbolic.
Western corporations have drooled over exploiting Ukraine’s natural resources since 2008.  They western governments to instigate this war as early as 2012. This war was 100% instigated and pushed for by western corporations using western governments as their puppets. 
Biden is STILL their puppet. Biden was ordered to expand the war before Trump can take office and shit it down. Ukrainians have been slaughtered and hundreds of billions of US tax dollars wasted because corporations want to pillage Ukrainian natural resources. 

If China and Russia had done in Mexico what we have been doing in Ukraine since 2012, the US would have been forced to invade Mexico. WWIII to benefit corporations and the military industrial complex has ALWAYS been the goal. Now Biden is following his orders and trying to make it impossible for Trump to stop.
Way too long in coming. Biden has dragged his feet through this entire conflict.
Get Russia out of Ukraine!
Does USA CITIZENS WANT TO FIGHT A NUKE WAR ???
American politicians main interest never was to end the war quickly IMHO. I think the US even had strong incentives to prolong the war in Ukraine for three reasons:

1.) To make it as costly and damaging as possible for Russia.
2.) To strengthen US corporations involved in the military industry
3.) To gain a test-bed for future modern warfare against another mayor power without direct involvement.
I think Trump is going to be hawkish to Russia, because of who he surrounds himself with. He filled his cabinet with Neo-Cons because he's a Neo-Con himself. Trump is many things, not only is he incredibly stupid, but he is also insanely gullible.  He is their useful idiot who will do their agenda, and they will tell him that Putin thinks he's weak, and Trump is going to send in more missiles and will try to mess with Russia to prove to the Neo-Cons and his own Narcissistic Ego that he is not weak. He will escalate just like he escalated the drone attacks, and if anyone still thinks Trump is Puttin's puppet, he is not. He tore up a long-range missile treaty with Russia. He will mess with Russia and China because he cannot help himself. He sees himself as a dictator like Putin and Xi, and he sees them as his enemies.  This is going to end up very bad for everyone.
Russia ‘started’ the open war, but the US has been bribing politicians, interfering in elections, expanding military alliances (beyond what was assured to Russia) and generally waging cold diplomatic and political warfare for years. Not only that, but the regions Russia is trying to annex demonstrated DEMOCRATICALLY that they want to secede from Ukraine and join the Russian federation. So Russia are justified not only in retaliating, but in annexing a region whose democratic mandate was denied and violently suppressed by the Ukrainian government
More like *Cenk Uygur makes critical error in the Russia-Ukraine conflict*
Cenk,

I have to disagree with you here.

Regarding NATO promising Russia that it will not expand anymore: that was never a binding agreement. But let's assume it was, Russia asked Ukraine to return their nuclear weapons for security in 1991. Yet, Russia invaded Ukraine.

Long-range weapons into Russian territory would help Ukraine stop the Russian advances and better negotiate a cease-fire. Most left-wing Europeans have been asking that for a while. 

Recently, Russia changed its nuclear doctrine. In my opinion, it's a way to scare the West into not providing any more weapons to Ukraine. But here's the thing, Russia was the one escalating and threatening the world with nuclear weapons. 

Here's a scenario: let's say Russia did use nuclear weapons (battlefield or city-killer) on Ukraine. Do you think the West would say "We'll stop providing weapons"? Absolutely not, they will retaliate and destroy Russia's capabilities. That's the last thing Putin wants to do unless he wants to see the world end.

Another scenario: let's say the West does nothing and Russia took over Ukraine. Would Putin stop? The Eastern block is terrified of a Russian invasion. They do not want to live under Putin's regime. Let's say Putin did not stop, and then eventually NATO will have to step in to defend. If Putin did stop, he would have difficulty suppressing insurgence with a weakened military.

So the whole war in Ukraine is a disaster for Putin and Russia: they didn't expect a strong Western response, their conventional military is weak (asking North Korea help nearly 3 years in shows weakness), they've become a pariah state that depends on China, and their economy could collapse in the next 5 to 10 years.

Question then: If Putin is so concerned about Russia's security against NATO and that he wouldn't invade a non-NATO country, why did Sweden and Finland join NATO? Finland borders Russia giving easy access for NATO to invade. 

I know war sucks and I see why many people are pissed off with the US being indirectly involved, but don't fall for disinformation.
Reading these comments TYT really missed the boat here. Very few comments agree with TYT on this point. They also seem to be caught up in  the Trump bullshit narrative as being the peacemaker.
Land grabbing?? and you Seljuk Turks from Uzbekistan came and seized the Byzantine lands. You were silent ..... Uzbek slave trader
Turks, read the history, there was no Ukraine , we are taking the lands that we recaptured from the Ottoman Empire , that is, we killed your ancestors to give the territories to Ukraine ?
I didnt know so many TYT subscribers had investments and stocks in Rytheon, Bowing and Lockheed Martin.    Smart investment Democrat voter.   Now you people voting Democrat,  doesnt seem as moronic as I thought, if youre invested in MIC stocks.   Cenk, its debatable Russia started this.
Is Mr Biden so bitter that he wants to deffinitevely set the world in fire? After me the flood?
Raise taxes so we can send more to Ukraine ✊🇺🇦
I disagree with the statement that russia started the war. The reason for the war was the nato expansion. If Mexico would join a military alliance with russia the US would also not allow it.
These comments are proof TYT has a delusional audience. Y’all need to stop with the propaganda
How long until TYT take the video down? What is happening in the TYT office? Your audience is going to hate this...
Cenk, I usually give you a hard time in the comments but you nailed this one. Good job.
Ayo these are sovereign countries that decided to join NATO or be part of the European Union. Who the fuck is Russia to decide what they do or don't do?
Good job Joe, better late than never.
Finally! This permission should have been given 2 years ago.
trump loses in 2020 with afghan withdrawal hurting Joe now joe is like ooh yeah ukraine use them booms deal with that donny
Cenk and Ana; I usually have a lot of respect for your opinions because you try to be as honest and objective as you can, but in this case you really don't understand what's going on in Ukraine/Russia.
1: Ana makes it sound like Russia's incremental advances on the battle field means that they're on the verge of winning the war. At the rate Russia is advancing, it'll take them decades to conquer all of Ukraine.
2: This is a war of attrition and it's working. Russia has extremely high casualties (1000+ men per day) and they can't recruit enough soldiers to make up for the losses. Which is one of the reasons why Putin is now using NK soldiers.
2B: The Russian economy is on the verge of collapse. Inflation is high (exchange rate from rubles to dollars is now 100 to 1). Interest rates are record high (21%). They're short of man power not just for the army but in all sorts of industries as well. They're running out of savings to plug their fiscal deficits.
3: Putin won't escalate a conflict with USA when a Putin-sympathetic president is about to take power in 2 months. He'll just have to swallow this provocation.
4: Ana has asked what the strategy is against Russia? This is it; wearing Russia down without risking a nuclear provocation. Ukraine is retreating slowly because that's the best way to preserve your army (Zelensky actually cares about his men, unlike Putin) while bleeding Russia dry (both in blood,money and equipment) for each kilometer gained.
5: It's quite likely that Trump will try to force a peace that favors Russia over Ukraine before Russia collapses but that doesn't mean that Biden helping Ukraine is wrong.
Never thought I would see the day the Democratic Party becoming the pro-war party. I don't know what happen and apparently all they care about is "sticking it to the dictator"? That means nothing when we're all gone.
Have TYT become a Putin-propagandamachine?? Feels wierd... But hey, right up the NewTurks-alley
I was born in Odessa and my whole family still lives there. They would rather rejoin with Russia, we’ve always felt Russian. Not just us, everyone in all the towns and cities near us. South and eastern Ukraine has way more ethnic Russians. This is merely a proxy war for America to weaken Russia, at the cost of Ukrainian lives all in the disguise of “we’re helping the Ukrainians”. Btw Zelenskyy is very unpopular right now in Ukraine, I speak to my family and friends there often.
It's not often I disagree with TYT like this. As a progressive from Europe (The Netherlands ) I really have a different point of view. Where to start? 
1. Every people, every nation has the right to determine its own path. Poland, the Baltic states, Chech Republic, Romania, etc.,  they chose to join NATO and the EU and the war in Ukraine proves beyond the shadow of a doubt they were right to do so! Putin wouldn't dare attack a NATO member state. He did Ukraine.
2. USA, UK, Canada, the Soviet Union came to liberate us in Europe and The Netherlands from Nazi rule. We should never allow fascist dictators to grab whatever land they want or claim it is somehow historically 'always' been theirs.
3. Funding Ukraines selfdefense is cheap compared to having Putin and China take whatever they want and abandon international rule of law. The conflict in Middle East proves this very point: the fact that Biden supports the occupier, going against a plethora of UN rulings and NGO's advice, this undermines USA credibility in the Middle East and the world as a whole.
4. The weak response to the occupation of Crimea and South Ossetia made Putin believe he could do whatever he wants in Eastern Europe. He has been threatening escalation since day 1 of the expanded war in Ukraine in 2022. This is no different.
4. Biden and the USA did NOT start this war! Putin did! 
5.This is too little too late.
6. Progressives around the world should support freedom of individuals and nations anywhere always.

Read and watch Timothy Snyder explain all this better than I can!
Dems love war
Joe Biden: TheMan Who Launched A Million Body Bags
If you want to know why Trump won. This is the reason. Literally this. If anyone in Congress wants to go and fight this war, by all means, let them go become a Ukrainian citizen and fight it, but leave us out of it.
TYT parrots Putin propaganda.  Blame is on both sides ?  Some good people on both sides ? You are pathetic. Blood of Ukrainian children is on your hands! This policy change is almost nothing, too little too late, Ukrainian cities are flattened million people died and wounded and tens of millions displaced BECAUSE cowards from the west are appeasing to Russia. Europe is at stake and you cheer for Putin !
The hell is wrong with you?
Raytheon bots are busy today.
Why were you not saying Russia escalates War against Ukraine when North Korea joined the War against Ukraine? Do some research plz.
Say that to a country who have the right to exist if they deemed so it's there choice fighting for your country is in anyone' gene if they say no it's no screw putin
These 2 goofs I swear Russia had been pounding Ukraine relentlessly now Ukraine can strike back and they are all up in arms gtfoh
Critical ERROR?? Sorry guys you're way off on this one. Biden should have done this long ago. Ruzzia fires missiles and drones EVERY night at Ukrainian cities, it's about time they were able to really do something about this. Don't be scared pootin isn't gonna do anything.
okay here's the opposing view Cenk: this was far too little too late if we had given long-range missiles and more capability early on as in 18 months to 2 years ago they potentially would be winning the war right now and it wouldn't be a question we know that Russia has these fictitious red lines that amount to nothing. second this serves a significant purpose in telling our European allies that they too can send long-range weapons so when Trump takes over they will already be sending long-range weapons whether we are or not at that point so you crane can continue fighting and can turn the tide of the war. by all accounts Ukraine can still very much win this war, but the United States and our allies have restricted and handicapped them to the point where they have not been able to succeed sadly.
This is the one thing I hard disagree with. If you want to avoid war in Taiwan, we must support Ukraine until victory
Big fan but this is an awful analysis, I’m sorry to say. Should Palestine cede 20% of their land?
Cenk admits Russia was told NATO would not encroach on its borders... yet states that Russia started this war 🤔🤔🤔
This whole conflict started with the NATO asking Ukraine to join, knowing that Putin would be against it, he said so many times. NATO chose to start what Putin made clear, would be agression. I do not say that Putin did the right thing, but the NATO knew what would happen and they still chose to do so. Now they're acting like victims, blaming it all on Russia alone.
responding to aggression is not escalation
YOU ARE WRONG and millions will die.  This is not like hamas and gaza. This is a war for actual freedom and democracy (not more islamic extremist rule). This is about a larger war and taiwan and poland and estonia. This is about our allies vs our enemies and america choosing a side which will have knock on effects like we cant imagine. 
You need to have a host who has served guys as youre rich fat millionaires who have no idea how we keep you safe which allows you to make hot takes for clicks.  Pls be better.
And the Dem moderates are trying to tell the US, Biden is one of the best Presidents in modern history. Say what!
I expect Ana to soon join the other Putin bots that are Jimmy Dore and Dave Rubin.
Sad to see what TYT has become over the last decade. TYT is spewing talking points straight out of Russian propaganda. The rhetoric here is disturbing. Trying to make Ukraine and western allies to look like the aggressors here total gaslighing. Russia signed treaties guaranteeing the soverignty, security, and terriotorial integrity of Ukraine. Whatever treaty they sign next will be ignored when the Russians decide the time is right to make the next move. The Russians have no interest in "peace" other than total Ukranian surrender and turning Ukraine into a vassal state under their complete control. Whoever triumphantly declares peace with Russia has been achieved will be the next Chamberlain. Russia must lose, and the West must see to it that Ukraine drives out the invaders.
Russia escalates on its own. This is right.
I have a lot of respect for TYT and Cenk especially, but on Ukraine they have been consistently wrong alongside many American left pundits (and many more on the right, openly flirting with Pro-Russia talking points). Ukraine is fighting an existential battle for its right to self determination and if they fall the entire European continent becomes directly ensnared in hot war. Granting Ukraine the right to use long-range missiles should have happened months (frankly years) ago, hitting Russian war machine assets where under the cloak of legal hand-ties they have been churning out death weapons without risk.

We can have that argument on US military spending and what is too much for Ukraine, and I would agree Europe should expand their own defence capabilities (and is by the way - I speak as a Brit living in the UK, we have spent billions every year on military support), but separate to that should not be the US intentionally preventing Ukraine from fighting back fairly in case they 'poke the bear'. 

When you are fighting an existential battle for your right as a sovereign peoples being told the weapons you can and cannot use is unacceptable. Many in the US seem unable to comprehend this probably because they feel safe and secure on their basically impregnable North American continent.
These are weapons the Ukrainians have no idea how they work.  We have troops there now helping Ukraine and will be the ones doing everything except pushing the button.  I know this as fact as I know troops who have been deployed there.
This will allow Ukraine to hold the land they took from Russia in the north! So when trump give Putin Ukrainian land they will have to forfeit the land they loss to Ukraine!
This is not a major escalation.  They have very few of these missiles left.  I think the TYT folks should watch this video to understand why some in the center and right are afraid that a turn to the left will lead to communism.  There is actual sympathy for Russia in this video.  The west did not go to Eastern Europe to take countries from Putin's orbit.  Those countries came to the west cause they didn't want to be under the thumb of Russia.  Do you remember what Putin did in Georgia or Crimea?  If nothing is done he just keeps going.
OMG shockingly bad this reaction. Time to unsubscribe.  No big deal Russia involves North Korea. No escalation at all.(Whaaaat?)
BIden running out of time to make a mess of everything?
About time. the policy change should've been done much earlier,  but I fear with that Putin admirer soon to be POTUs it may too late.
You consider this decision a mistake?! This shows how clueless you're about the geopolitics, russia, and modern warfare. I'm sorry but you're completely ignorant as you're expressing your strong opinions on something you have no expertise in commenting on. Just dumb. Unsubscribing from your channel. Russia is winning the war? You're clueless.
By that logic Palestine should cede 20% of ita land
He didn’t make any critical errors!! This is fake news and you’re lying !!!
There are several angles to see this. First, Russia will likely escalate, either by trying to use more devastating tactics in Ukraine, or by arming the US' enemies, or both. Second, this could help Ukraine prevent Russian attacks on their infrastructure by destroying the weapons used against them inside Russia. Third, this could also help Ukraine by disrupting Russia's logistics and manufacturing, which could restrict Russia's mobilization of troops and equipment. Fourth, if the damage in Russia is severe, Russia may be tempted to use tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine. Overall, this will help Ukraine, but it won't help them win the war because they just can't. Ukraine has a demographic disadvantage, disparity that will become even more pronounced as the war continues. Second, damage to Ukraine's infrastructure will continue to accumulate overtime, making it harder to rebuild after the end of the war. Third, Ukraine does not have nuclear weapons. If Russia sees itself in danger, they will use tactical nuclear weapons in Ukraine. In conclusion, this was a war that Ukraine could not fully win from the beginning given US and NATO doctrine, which is to avoid direct confrontation with Russia. Getting rid of Putin would not help, as Russia sees Ukraine as an existential issue, so it wouldn't matter who was in charge. This war needed to be prevented before it became a war. Realistically speaking, Ukraine will effectively lose part of their territory, and my prediction is that Russia will not sign a peace treaty, as doing so would allow what is left of Ukraine from joining NATO. That is not in Russia's interest; Russia wants a buffer or control the land between them and the Carpathian Mountains. They will only sign a truce or armistice, which would prevent Ukraine from joining NATO, as they would still be technically at war with Russia. If the US and Europe wanted to prevent this outcome once it became clear that Russia was about to invade Ukraine in 2022, they should have mobilized large amounts of troops on Russia's borders and forced Russia to similarly move their troops to keep them away from Ukraine and to bankrupt them (moving troops costs money). NATO and the US won't do this, so the outcome of this war was already decided before it began.
Quite surprised by the blatant use of Russian propaganda talking points. You guys usually do a lot better research than this.
Ana needs to move on and do her own thing. She has outgrown Cenk and the entire network. Politics aside, she is a talent. Candance Owens and Megyn Kelly has seen tremendous success....She can be right there with them.
The young turks are so ignorant when it comes to russia's war on Ukraine
Do followers of this channel know that this war has been going on since 2014?  Because they act like it just started with Russia’s invasion.
What's the alternative? Pretend Ukraine is winning? Pretend Russia wins?
you know nothing about the war in Ukraine, stop talking about it
I don't mean to burst your bubble. But Russia is trading missile technology for foreign fighters. This cannot be allowed to stand unmet. It puts japan and and south Korea at risk Ukraine has already been striking with drones in Russia, this is hardly an escalation.
I appreciate the analyzes from the TYT moderators but with Putin's war on Ukraine they show their naive and clueless side towards Putin and his terror in Europe.

￼
Let Ukraine start a big war you say? :)
Totally absurd.
Even if you accept that NATO encroachment is the motivating factor of this conflict - realize that NATOs border is right next door. Putin’s ambitions don’t end with Ukraine but he’s not about to start with a NATO member. He’s been betting on the alliance fracturing over Ukraine, and its western members abandoning its eastern european partners. Which would pave the way for further escalation up to and including military incursions. This from the start has been a game of containing Russian aggression to Ukraine and sadly the West’s restraint was to contain it within a non NATO state at the expense of Ukrainian soldiers and civilians. Biden has been very cautious to manage the risk of any Russian retaliation but frankly at this point there is no credible Russian deterrence. As Cenk and Ana breeze over - UKRAINE INVADED RUSSIA. They have been striking deep within Russia and striking with shorter range U.S. supplied weapons within Russia. Nothing happened because Putin has no credible options.

Also - I would not be shocked if Trumps team was behind this in part. Everyone who bought into Russiagate, like Cenk, assumed for far too long Trump was at Putin’s beck and call. And yes he’s shown a troubling admiration for dictators. But he also, like a good dictator, doesn’t want to appear weak. He’s not going to just give into Russian demands and he’d probably like there to be some pressure to strengthen the Ukrainian position because yes Russia is absolutely winning at the moment and frankly has been the entire time because they have a 3:1 population advantage and a military strategy of throwing waves of men into the meat grinder as they suffer 7:1 and 8:1 casualty ratios compared to Ukrainian losses. But the involvement of NK shows Putin fears further mobilization - but Cenk is wrong this matters. This move is just as much about sending a message to Pyongyang that they best think twice about joining this fight.
Can’t wait until Trump get in office and lets Russia annex half of Ukraine and we can end this whole mess.
This, like much of your Ukraine coverage, was a really bad take. You'll realize this if in a few years time Russia finds itself right up against the borders of Poland. You really aren't going to want that.
The West did say that any country who chooses to join Nato and which is in proximity to Russia must not produce, buy or own any atomic weapons!! The contract also stated that Russia does not!!! have a voice in which country decides to join the Nato and Russia accepted that. So basically, it is not true that the West promised Russia that no country close to Russia can t join Nato. Also even if we had made this promise, we, Nato and therefore  the USA too, promised Ukraine if they get rid of their atomic aresenal we would defend them in case Russia is starting aggresions or even a war!!! Nobody talks about that fact. Last put not least, the war industrial complex will always win as long we fight wars around the world! If we de-escalate now and give Russia what it wants, in 5 years time we will have another conflict with Russia and I don t want to know what an emboldend Putin will do than!! Europe must start looking after its own security and affaires. The USA is neither trustworthy nor commited  anymore to look support Europe, unfortunately!
Russia deserves 100% of the blame!  WTF are you talking about!
He didn't want them to win without him
A collection of filthy pro russia talking hoaxes…subscribing no more
Oh wow…russian propaganda now on TYT. Utterly disappointing. Time to unsubscribe.
I hear hate again Boris Johnson I like the post
Israel was unjustly attacked, Ana.
North Korean troops are fighting on European soil against a sovereign country that was illegally invaded by Russia and your reaction is “so what”???
*America promised Ukraine that if they gave up their nukes then the US would protect them, **_if you are going to cut them off then give them back their nukes!_* At the time Ukraine had possessed the worlds' 4th largest nuclear arsenal.
What a terribly uninformed take
People don't realise that these wars don't do anything positive for the ordinary tax payer, just allows money to be siphoned out.
Easy to say it's a critical error when you're on the other side of the planet sitting on your couch. 

Most Europeans support it. Russia bombards Ukraine on the daily with weaponry created domestically and by its allies. Why shouldn't Ukraine do the same? 

Russia will not stop after Ukraine, which is what most of NATO realises. 

The right move to make, but should have been done earlier.
Now Russia has the green light to boost up US adversaries with some proper weapons to strike inside the US or EU. Syria, Libya, Yemen etc. Maybe boost NK's and Iran's nuclear capabilities. It begins here......
I don't agree with this analysis.   

Russia can end the war by leaving Ukranian territory at any time.

I think you guys are cowards and isolationist when it comes to foreign affairs.
Evil Democrats already planned ww3 now desperate cos they lost election Biden a one term loser
So why again does Russia want Ukraine? Is it the #1 human characteristic, that more is never enough🤨 Now North Korea? Hey, maybe it's an 'I'll scratch your back, you scratch mine' - type thinking by North Korea? He's a warmonger too. And he doesn't like us either.
Being 45% effective after 2 1/2 years just to control 18% is not winning. If the U.S. lost 55% of all of its military equipment (including stuff in storage) and had a casualty rate of over 700,000 just to control 18% of Canada, she would be saying the U.S. is losing.
Russia can't escalate anything Like I said, it's down to 55% of its equipment, some of which can't be used in this conflict because it's navy ships  can't get into the Black Sea or are hiding in port in the Black Sea.  Sure Russia could use nukes, but so can Pakistan and North Korea.
TYT's understanding of the U-R conflict lacks nuance and should be taken with a grain of salt. Their position represents American hegemony with a limited understanding of the US-EU-NATO-Russia relationship. There are multiple sources on YouTube if you want a better understanding of the history and the situation. E.g., https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Bl6_MAhg_4
TYT getting checks from putin now too, eh? You can't let putler do what he wants, how can you be so thick as to not understand that allowing his aggression to succeed will actually LEAD to more aggression worldwide and likely ww3, not prevent it. Stop him in his tracks, what should have been done from day 1, and the world will be or would have been a safer place for a generation again. Let putin succeed and things are going to get a lot uglier in Europe, Southeast Asia, Africa and on and on and the global conflict will happen and cost everyone.
What a load of bs. Ukraine is a souvereign country which has every right to join NATO.
Can't listen to this bs. Unsubscribed
WW2 would not have ended if all Britain and Soviet Union did was defend their own territory.
Even during battle of Britain the British and commonwealth forces hit back at Germany. And after the battle the British kept attacking the axis powers on all front. France, Germany, Denmark, Norway, Italy, north Africa
Fake News😂😂
Tyt told bot biden are you ever right?
EU has massive wepon stockpiles they just dont want to give them, even if they dont need it cause this war is a cash cow for wepon makers. so it's not over EU will just have to start the real support.
I like Cenk but on this point he just clearly doesn't care enough about Ukraine. Ukraine is supposed to keep fighting with their hands tied behind their backs, to appease mad man Putin??? That's preposterous!
Anna do better please. That "peace deal" you mentioned was nothing but capitulation for Ukraine. Russia strikes whatever they want enywhere so why Ukraine can't? This is leveling the field.
Putin is never going to give up.. You dont negotiate with Satan. The only way to save Ukraine is to defeat Putin!!!
Zelensky in power despite term expiring. Do the Ukraine's see Zelensky as a rich beggar for own gains or a real fighter for their nation?
You guys really need to read up on the conflict to fully understand the situation in Ukraine. If you spent as much time on this subject as you do on the Israel/Palestine conflict, you might come to the same conclusions most of your subscribers do. Very very dissatisfied with your interpretation of what’s going on.
This isn't about loving war Cenk, it's about loving freedom more and you seemed to have forgot sometimes war is the only way of getting there.
I usually agree with Cenk, but he sounds dumb as hell today. Striking inside of Russia will make the war hit home for civilians eroding Putin support, and making him reconsider all the losses Russia is taking.
Bringing north Korea in was already an escalation so what is tyt talking about??
Why give Putin - a KGB agent any credit as if he is an honest actor, or a statesman and not a dictator?
Any "peace deal" is not a Peace Deal. Its a temporary cessation of hostility. Putin will use it as an opportunity to rearm and continue the war in 10 years, with an army thats learned it lessons.

As for "encroachment" in Eastern Europe. All those former Warsaw Pact nations that joined in the 2000s ASKED TO JOIN. Why... THEY DIDNT TRUST PUTIN RUSSIA... I wonder why that was!
Ask yourselves why so many former USSR countries are desperate to join NATO. Nothing to do with the centuries of history of Russian invasions, I’m sure. TYT talking nonsense as per
Cenk wants to reward Putin for his war crimes while Ana claims she speaks for the Ukrainian civilians who are being invaded. 
What silly billys both of them are.
Russia deserves all thhe blame. 
What Ana and TYT are doing is to demand that the targets of said invasion - Ukraine bend over and negoiate with an enemy with bad intents.
It's obvious that none of these TYT punks has ever served in any army, or been invaded.
Blame America for Putins' aggression....right.... 🤡.
I hope Zelensky doesn't just give in to Putin after all this time with Trump's weak deal to give Putin what he has taken. Its just a weak deal, anyone could do that.
Its a lie 

Eastern Europe wanted to be in NATO
Agree with TYT on 95% of topics but strongly disagree with this take, disappointed to hear the same arguments that you hear on RT
Cenk is an idiot and a false prophet. Ana is an enemy of the State.
At this pace it would take to russia a century to occupy the whole Ukraine i think Biden did the right thing and i am pretty sure the UK and France will follow soon , if Germany switch their Chancellor's soon its most likely gonna boost even more the help to Ukraine! EU is climbing in power that's the only thing dictators understand and respect!
Cenk has been anti Biden ever since the Israeli conflict happened. He is not making sense here. Obviously we have been involved in the Ukraine war by proxy since the beginning. This is also a proving ground for BRICS to observe our resolve. It will relate to future conflicts that we may be more directly confronted with. Taiwan anyone?
They said Trump would cause World War 3, but here goes Biden (his admistration) pushing us closer than any president in history; and suspiciously right as Trump is set to retake the Presidency.
Ukraine is the dam for Russia's expansionism, they won't stop except by attrition or the complete absorption of Ukraine and their resources, at which point, Ukrainians become forced cannon fodder for the next country.
You guys are soooo wrong on this subject. Give Ukraine everything they need. You guys said that Russia are winning the war? Russia has failed almost every objective. Further escalation? Say that to the brave Ukrainians who have fought with both hands tied behind their backs. The whole war has been one massive Russian escalation and now you are both butt-hurt about Biden doing what is right and what Ukraine has needed since the beginning? Also, why are you worried about Russia getting upset? We sent tanks, Russia said they will nuke us if we do this, didn’t happen. We got F16s for them, Russia said this is a major escalation, and they will nuke Europe, didn’t happen. Russia likes to bluff. Give em hell Ukraine!! Slava Ukraini!
I'm terrified at how Trump is going to handle Russia and Israel, because he's so unstable and unpredictable that an all out nuclear war is very much on the table
Putin would love nothing more to be able to keep escalating without a response from western countries. he has definitely been using fear of escalation against us
You guys are so disgusting on this topic
What about the BRICS+
US becomes directly involved in this war, putting a mark on our backs. Great ...
So tired of Ana saying nonsensical emotionally charged drivel. She talks about ATACMS like they can level a city. She's just so clueless
Its not that serious. Ukrainian drones actually go like 700 miles. Ukrainian drones actually destroyed lots of weapons depots etc. America is too late.
Escalating from all out war??
Tell us you're pro-Russian without telling us. 

So Russia can bring in thousands of North Koreans, can kidnap Russian kids and force them to live with Russian families, can bomb hospitals and child centers, can hack critical energy infrastructure, but when Ukraine gets a better chance to defend itself, you're mad? It's arbitrary red line after arbitrary red line, and Russia uses this "major escalation" rhetoric to try to stop the West from helping Ukraine be independent.
There are no peace negotiations with Russia. It wants to de facto rule Ukraine and dictate its future. You cannot back down for an imperial bully on a land grab. Maybe next he will eye up Poland or another NATO country if he’s emboldened.
Tell me again why Ukraine should not be able to use the weapons they alredy have. Why should they not be able to fire them into russia? It makes no sense!!!
Russia is fireing plenty of weapons into Ukraine.

And as for Nato expanding east. No promises where ever made to not expand Nato to the east. 
The idea of the "promise" was that Nato was not going to take in countries from the warsaw pact (the contries to the east) other than east germany, given that the soviet union agreed to a united Germany entering Nato. 
It was talk. Nothing was ever formaly agreed upon. Nothing was written down.

Since then the warsaw pact has been desolved and the soviet uninon is no more either.
Russia, actually putin himself, has at one point in the 2000's  expressed a wish to join Nato. It did not happen, but still... :)

The idea that Nato should not let any eastern europeans countries join because of a "promise" someone made to the SOVIET UNION verbally in the 1990's should stop Nato expansion because RUSSIA does not like it makes no sense.
Wrong, this should have been done much earlier and not be pious Chamberlains. Putin laughs at otherwise weak Western leaders, he laughs at us and starts a new war.
Russian propaganda. Surrender! You're still telling the fairy tale about Johnson? Zelenskyj would no longer be president today if he had left his people to the Russians after the Bucha massacre. That was the reason, not Johnson. Find out what was actually being negotiated back then. Surrender, not peace. There is no shame in showing your ignorance. Anyone who cannot do that is being deliberately stupid.
Ukraine wants to be an independent nation.  NATO and the US are supposed to represent the ideals of freedom.  Realistically, only when there is some self-interest involved, usually oil.  The most obvious self-interest is if Ukraine is a NATO ally, they will forever be the front line between NATO and Russia.  NATO will have a buffer zone for NATO nations facing destruction from Russian aggression.  The next two months may be Ukraine's D-day, so it is all-in.   Ukraine would be a fool to believe Russia will not invade again.  At this point, NATO does not deserve Ukraine as an ally and certainly do not want them as an enemy as they have done well against all the odds.  Much respect to Ukraine.  Appeasement to Russia guarantees future aggression with Putin in power.
Escalation?? Now 6:16 Im confused 😕 so Ukraine can't defend itself..their in a full blown WAR
President Biden did NOT make an error! This is good for our military industrial complex, and our economy. It's good for Ukraine. It's good for NATO. It's good for Western Europe. It's not so good for the Russians, which is good. The only bad thing is that the Russians may figure out how to defend against our missiles.
Now cenk is trying hard 😂😂😂 6:27 who ever in charge? Lol
When Cenk critiqued the cause of the war in Ukraine 4:46, he said "So look, there's plenty of blame on all sides,,,"
When Trump defended White-Nationalist protesters, he said "[There are] some very fine people on both sides."
What do you mean encroached? Sovereign Eastern European states want protection from a belligerent Russia.
4:18 sooo why bring boris up...yeah u trying to hard ana
Long overdue authorization.
Just 180 miles😢. It is not enough and very late. And also it is only for Kursk region
Sleepy Joe doing his best to drag us into WW3. Luckily, Donald J Trump will bring this madness to an end *on day one! ☮️*
You cannot describe a sovereign nation being invaded, land concurred, people slaughtered, energy and supplies trying to be cut off, you cannot describe any defensive retaliation up to and including striking inside Russia as an “escalation” …. That’s horse shit
What? Don't be ridiculous. How Russia can escalate more? They are already doing any horrific stuff that they can do. ATACMS authorization is just playing catch up compare to what the Russians are allowed to do. I am really shocked by your coward position. In 1940, that position would be a pro-Hitler position. Certainly not a Churchill one.
The supposed "Anti-Fascist" left in the West supporting literal Nazis in Ukraine is hilarious.
Do you really believe that biden is aware of biden's decision ?
Neville Chamberlain approves this take, TYT. Well done *slow clap*
Honestly, suck a shit take, why don’t we ever learn from the mistakes of history
Sorry but this is an immature take. Russia has invaded a sovereign nation and has murdered hundreds of thousands. If they take Ukraine, they will be sitting right next to Poland. Poland is nato. If they decide to take or attack Poland, they will ignite article 5 and the world ends. Give Ukraine the weapons and tools they need to deplete russian forces and finances. Keep up the fight. Young Turks are wrong on this take just so they can take the sanctimonious position and criticize Biden, it’s low hanging fruit.
No one on the right is pro Russia, Moron. Move on.
Well apperently the yt also are paid by russia 😂😂
Trump better get on that promise he made lol. “Before I’m even in office I’ll end the war “ or something like that right??
Endless wars is something both corrupt parties embrace. In fact, we have one conservative party with two right wings.   😮😮
@afortin251 did you ever hear of the cuba missalis ?to close to USA they had to go .USA missiles in urain is ok ?????????????????????
What would you call the bloody deportation of 12 million "illegal" workers from the USA? Murder of workers? Murder of families? Economic murder? Genocide of multiple people?
Loosing their mind over Israel, but defending the greatest war criminal since WWII.
Cenk, does Ukraine not have the right to defend itself equally when  their people are being killed and their country being destroyed by the Russians?
Did anyone see the north corean soldiers ????????????????????????????????????
This didn't even need talked about, because you're just showing the republican group that dems are dammed if they do and dammed if they don't. Stop the wishy washy.
But Cenk's argument can be defeated by simply pointing out that every country has the right to defend itself.  Sure, the West and Europe helped a little in provoking the conflict, but Ukraine certainly didn't say no.  They're okay with it.  They wanted to join NATO.  And can  you blame them?  The corruption in Russia is horrible.  Even worse than Ukraine.  Heck, I'd want to leave, too.  
And, apparently, they even want to fight for that.  They knew the consequences and still do.  Don't infantilize them by saying they're the victim.  They knew the both the choice and the risks.
One more thing... Let me illustrate how Eastern Europe and Ukraine feel about Russia.

Think United States. Think Cuba.

The US actually supported a proxy invasion of Cuba in 1961. 

Since then, the US has waged economic war against that country in a n attempt to drive it to ruin.

How do you think Cubans should react? By surrendering territory to the US? (Guantanamo Bay notwithstanding.)

THAT is how Ukraine feel.
Russia interfered with US elections twice to help trump. Trump is going to bring a new JIM CROW era to America. Fire away ZELENSKY!!! The missiles should read "from KAMALA with love"🤣
Cenk, encroaching is just an excuse for Putin. He always said Ukraine does not exist. A little less bias would help your own Middle east cause.
expansion minded nato , poor little union
The aid from the US is precisely why russia hasnt taken all of ukraine. You guys are so pathetic
Give russia their medicine
You guys lost the ball a long time ago. Russian/Republican donor money too good!
No Cenk, NATO didn't "go into Eastern Europe". Eastern Europe demanded to join NATO.

Why?

Have a look at Eastern Europe's history last century. Poland, Hungary, Csechoslovalia, East Germany, all suffered decades long occupation by the Soviets.

So what if the Soviet Union is gone? Russia is still there. That is something Eastern Europe, from the Baltics to the Balkans are reminded every day. Putin may not have invaded Ukraine if things had been different... but what about the next Russian leader? And the one after that?

To understand how Eastern Europeans feel about their aggressuive neighhbour to the East, you have to be an Eastern European.

Just as, if you want to know what Zionist aggression is like in the Middle East, it helps if you're a Palestinian.
100% correct... Everyone is quick to blame Russia for invading, but the west (nato) provoked Russia and started this... I'm sure  the US would have invaded Cuba during the missile crisis to protect  their national security, then no one would dare criticise the US... The hypocrisy 😂
Plenty of blame on both sides? You are hilarious, considering you more or less consider Hamas a "resistance" movement. But Ukrainians are somehow to blame for defending their own ?
cenk. let anna speak!
TYT are on the wrong side of this. Ukraina had been Russian by now if their line was carried out.
We told you Dems this would happen.
A level of IQ in this comment section is freezing. Or just bunch of kids, not knowing anything about history or how world works. From Iraq, Serbia, Libya and many countries that were invaded for no good reasons by our country? How many deaths and destructions?

What do you think what would happened if Russia and China joined in some kind of alliance with Canada or Mexico? Or in those countries American population was attacked for 8 years? You have just 1 guess. 

Situation in Ukraine is clear example of f*** around and find out.

And yes, I know Putin is a dictator. That has nothing to do with the subject.
Wonder how america gone respond to a war state side.. yall asking for it
I couldn't be accused of being a TYT supporter but they are right about this.
Does *_anybody_* really believe Biden made this decision?  The guy was last seen wandering around the Amazon rainforest.
Instead of coming to the table & agree, thru NATO & Russia, what the new border will be between Ukraine & Rusia, Biden has decided to make a terrible situation worse & give it to Trump to deal with it. Meanwhile, thousands of more people, including innocent civilians, will unnecessarily die. All b/c the people making these decisions & ruling our countries are sociopaths.
Worse yet, Trump will come in, end the war & will seem like the rational,  peacemaker in this scenario. WTF?
You guys start to sound like Tim Pool.
I’m of course also but an ‘armchair’ spectator (from Europe), not knowing all the answers. Russia also have big problems. Nuclear threats go only so far: otherwise what is Putin & co stopping to invade all of Europe/the world? When are you going to say no?
But whatever: what annoys me the most that I sense a clear lack of knowledge of the conflict here. So why should we listen here, what is the added value for us?
Cenk, Putin is following the "Sudetenland" recipe of how to fool democracies. It is obvious, and it is ignorant reporting. Cenk, don't throw your supporters under the bus.
Um the escalation came from North Korea and Russia, when over 10k troops from North Korea entered the war. That is an escalation.
If you feel like retreating, you may leave. Cowards are not welcome.
HOUTHIS IS ABOUT TO EAT GOOD...
Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it.

Rember 1938? Hitler want Sudetenland. He assured England and France that his territorial demands would stop there.

Except it didnt. He then  anndexed the whole of Cseckoslovalia. 

And later, he invaded Poland thinking he could get away with it.

THAT, is histyory.
Who will defend poor, innocent little russia and her dictator? TYT of course!  Ignorant “reporting “ 🤦🏼‍♂
Trump should check Zelynsky
Wow, Ana
Nice false equivalencies and conflation
Stop with this heartless “encroachment” narrative. If the US hasn’t “encroached”, Russia would already be taking Poland and Hungary.
🤡🤡🤡
Why are Democrats a bunch of hateful warmongers?
The Dems don’t give a crap, they want to secure it’s as big of a mess it can be before Trump steps in to make imposible for him to negotiate with Putin.
"Killing all those people etc."  
Wtf Cenk.
The Young Russians....
NATO never made hard promises not to expanded,  Gorbatsjov who was soviets president at that time denies this.....
Make Russia und China great again. Make Amerika poor again.
Ana, Putin said that 4 other times. F-16s etc. Putin is bluffing. Cenk is an idiot. TYTs go to hell. Ukraine is fighting for their freefom.  TYT's may as well be Putin and Trump stooges. Biden is right. TYTs are scum.
6:29 Joe went home and Kamala is a broad. 👍
How is this critical error in anyone else's but Russkis mind? Jesus, TYT is a Russian asset just like the right-wing nuts in this country...
Do you think Biden did it just to spite Trump because he said he could end the war in one or two days! Think hard about this!
Lol, russia was never going to lose.
Shame on you TYT. I have no words…
I was on your side up until you showed your true colours by supporting Hamas.
Ana. .. you are now a RUSSIAN Stooge!!!??? Ana, is an ignorant fool.
Poke the bear you get bitten, Ukraine is a proxy NATO war People of US and UK don't won't. They voted trump and this is democrats taking the piss before they go.
Btw no evidence NK troops fighting
TO THE LAST XOXOL
She said that Biden gave them 100s of the missiles. I saw today they cost about 1.5 MILLION dollars each. Good thing there are no hungry kids or homeless Vets in the U.S.
North-koreans are fighting at kursk area and they are bringing long-range artillery (M-1978 Koksan) with reach of 40km to front. Ukrainians need permission to use their western made missles on these targets. 

This is not as big news as presented here. It helps ukrainians, but what they really need is mass instead of drops of aid. Russians are really throwing everything at them and this autumn has been bloodiest period of war.
I live in Europe, and... it feels like Biden really wants people to like Trump. From the right to the left, no one liked this.
There were reports  of another hezbolah leader killed. Where  is your mourning material?
Thank god for Trump!!! Biden is an old fool with a warmonger's mindset
Has anyone told Biden about this?
NATO indeed moved towards Russia's border.
Ukraine doesn't have a choice to fight the war. If they don't fight, they get conquered and will be forced into the Russian army to attack NATO. We need to give Ukraine everything they need to win. Russia isn't going to escalate, every red line has passed and they haven't done anything. Ukraine civilians are being raped and murdered on a massive scale, wouldn't we defend ourselves? This take is bad
Ukraine has already lost 800,000 soldiers and 5 million are crippled for life. 20 million people fled the country. That economy is dead. Blackrock wants that land, but is not getting it. Now the Soros family is angry.
Wheres the evidence about North Koraen troups?? Nobody believes this lie spouting and lame duck president
*They forgot to mention the fact that those long range missiles are useless without satellite logistics that Ukraine DOESNT have.*
*That would HAVE TO be supplied by the west which will mean we will then be at war with Russia in their eyes or anyone else's eyes that possess common sense*
Biden is lighting the house on fire on the way out the door...
“War = bad. I am very intelligent. Subscribe for more groupthink garbage takes on complex issues we refuse to put any thought into whatsoever. ” 🤡

Pro-Russian clowns. Awful.
It’s not an error but absolute necessity and the entire world has to face with the consequences.If you have started a war between Ukraine and Russia,you can’t stand back;this has nothing to do with Biden,this was NATO’s plan and there is no turn back.Don’t be stupid,naive or angel of peace and deal with the reality🤷‍♂️

Standing back at this point means, the western alliance will completely loose more than you can even imagine.If Russia won’t be forced to retreat from the regions she has invaded,the last problem of western alliance will be the sake Ukraine.
Russia is not in panic. Has an escalation ladder en differently from our idiotic US governments(Democrat and Republican) who seek to start wars everywhere. But they are also serious, if the US attacks Russia directly....
Woke western countries should shut up.
Cenk, I firmly agree with You!   We need an adult in the Oval Office - STAT!  I do not know, where all of this instability is coming from, but a catastrophe, could well be the result?
Again, Senate needs to set a "retirement age" for all Federal, Elected Officials!  How about ages: 65 - 70 years ( to avoid problems!). --------- Psalms 21 & 34 & 84. A man, has to learn his limitations.......... (Clint Eastwood, "Magnum Force.").
4:49 They didn't start the war cenm,America started the war,Russia doesnt want Ukraine to join nato,and let nato soldiers station their next to their borders, stop lying to your viewers you warmonger.
What a surprise that young turks are shills for Russia.. scumbags
Generally agree with you but being soft with Russia because they threaten this or that is weak and won't solve anything. You just encourage them.
You can't rationalize this Biden's decision.  He just wanted to interfere the settlement which would be done by Trump.  Pro-War Biden had to continue the war for the sake of neocon.
this actually doesnt matter very much
They got  to make it harder on trump. Dems. Luv. War.n bend. N over poor. People
Stick with the Israelis. You have no idea what your talking about with the ukraine war.
1:34 Is this a commercial for lockheed martin 😮
This is a massive escalation with a nuclear power and just before another President takes office; this is a deplorable act by Mr Biden, he shouldn’t be doing anything he’s a lame damned duck and a complete jackass.
Do not listen to US media if you want the TUTH listen to the news from those nations involved they are saying the complete opposite of what the US says.
This is the Russian channel, let's face it. This fills in where RT used to be. Anti Israel, Anti ukraine, pro religion of peace that Cenk belongs to despite him claiming to be educated. This is a pathetic front for Russia. Getting really tired of it. In fact, it's like RT in that it attacks justified topics in the USA, but then is very anti American over seas, just like RT used to be. You guys make me puke with your phony front.
I'm an eastern European. There's a complete misunderstanding of Russian ambitions in Central and Eastern Europe in this video. I don't like wars at all, I have friends who fled Ukraine. This is not a game of peace and war, this is people's homes and lives we're talking about. It's easy for you to say make peace and loose this or that or don't make peace at all from other people. Please stop commenting if you don't understand the region's history or the conflict.
Ukraine war has been going on for years now; TYT had minimum coverage on Ukraine during the election cycle.....but when it's opportune to make Biden/Harris look bad, now it's time for coverage.  Since the Gaza war provided more shade to throw at Biden/Harris during the time, it was over-covered during the election cycle.
Nah Putin have been escalating this whole time. Don’t forget they attacked Ukraine first. Why bring in North Korean troops if Russia is suppose to be so good. Besides Putin is having a hard time with Ukraine. They can’t afford another war right now. With all the tough talk Putin well let’s see
Discustingly pro Russia, I hope the Russians are paying you wee
He did it to complicate things for Trump😂
They will start ww3 before trump gets into office.
blame it on trump later.
I rarely agree with TYT but I definitely agree on this subject….it was a needless escalation to green light long range missile strikes into Russia.  Putin is many things but he isn’t a one to back down even if it’s the last thing he does, evidenced by his “dead man’s hand” mutually assured destruction program.
Ana taking her checks from Putin now?
Tyt is a disgrace at this point, and not only due to this. These people are dumb
Boris pushed ukraine not to accept a piece deal in the beginning, 
Because Russia demanded Ukraine to disarming and basically make it defenseless 😑
Russian Federation is a prison house of nations and races of people.
Apparently, TYT does not support a nation's fight for independence and self-determination.  Probably will find some excuse not to honor Article 5.  This is an Article 5 gut check for NATO nations, and its not their land being decimated.  Russia now sees appeasement from the US.
This is not escalation, this is giving Ukraine the ability to defend itself.
Cenk, have you forgotten about the often used tactic of de-escalation through escalation? Out strongest and most moral ally use it to perfection, Joe is learning from the best... for peace 🤔
Trump should tell Ukraine if they use those weapons over the next two months then the US will break off all diplomatic relations with them on January 20th
Only one way to deal with a bully. Also are we not trying to help Ukraine or not. Did we not already spend a gazillion dollars. We have a vested interest. Go big or go home.
Why didn't he codify roe v wade on his wya out? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Wow, a lot of warmongering neocons/neolibs in the comments. Crazy to see people still justifying this horrific war that could have been ended with a peace deal in April 2022, and avoided all together if the USA didn't put its nose into other continents' business.
I normally don't agree with a lot of what you guys say but in this case I have to agree that this is going to be a scary 2 months. I really hope things don't go as far as they can but it just might. God help the world if it does.
So sad this administration shows such support for fascism and nazism. Down with Ukraine.
Hell ya. Further escalation? What the hell are you talking about? You think Putin is holding back.😂😂 why are you guys spreading Russia propaganda? Is Putin paying you guys too? You know Russia’s influencing our elections. So not only has Russia attacked Ukraine Russia has attacked the United States. And don’t forget about their attempt to send bombs to the United States in planes. No, you guys would rather spread propaganda about how Denver’s been taken over by illegals. And you still haven’t recanted your lies. How many Ukraine’s have died from Putin’s bombs? How many children have been murdered by Putin? I’m having a problem, figuring out the difference between you and Fox News. We should allow the Ukraine to attack Russia, 9 years ago when they invaded Ukraine. The solution is just to give Ukraine there nukes back so they can defend themselves from Russia.
This whole war is a mess. I get both sides. Putin like it or not is a very intelligent man and i believe he loves his country. On the other hand you have the right to protect your sovereignty. 
 Facts though are facts. Ukraine was working to join NATO. and there was a guarantee that NATO would never be allowed to be next door to Russia and that treaty was being broken. Plus Biden was never a serious threat to Putin and he knew it. What does also to be true but can’t call it a fact is that Ukraine was known to be corrupt as heck. Just look at the deals little Biden was orchestrating there. We know that. We just don’t know if the president of Ukraine was involved.
I do have to say that when I heard land mines were going to be used it pissed me off. Now that you reported that they only have a 2 week life span it gives me a bit of hope unfortunately war is war. And there’s no guarantee that they will be the only kind used. Land mines are obviously too dangerous for future civilians. On the other hand when you’re trying to hold land, it’s hard to resist. Let’s hope they stick to the 2 week model.
I do have to say that when I heard land mines were going to be used it pissed me off. Now that you reported that they only have a 2 week life span it gives me a bit of hope unfortunately war is war. And there’s no guarantee that they will be the only kind used. Land mines are obviously too dangerous for future civilians. On the other hand when you’re trying to hold land, it’s hard to resist. Let’s hope they stick to the 2 week model.
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦 Slava Ukraini
Here is where American ultra Left (Cenk) unite with American ultra right (Rogan): to betray allies.
I was shocked to see Cenk’s tweet complaining about Biden ‘escalating’ the Ukraine war by allowing them to use US munitions to strike Russia. They should’ve done this 2+ years ago. Repeating Russian propaganda, by saying this is an ‘escalation’ is super disappointing to hear from a leftist populist.
Glad they’re battery powered — I think that takes the wind out of most of the critique. 

I know that as lefties we are generally anti-war, but we need to remember that there are causes that people think are worth the blood they shed and the lives they give. We are Ukraine’s ally. Ukraine did nothing to warrant an invasion. In fact, it gave up its nuclear arsenal decades ago in a show of good faith for peace. If Ukraine is to not be re-invaded in the future, it needs to negotiate from a position of strength, and it can only be in that position if it can properly fight against a much larger force. The willingness to just abandon the fight and our allies is sort of indicative, I think, of much of the rot of the left. It’s too esoteric for us here in America — we’ve never been pressed like the Ukrainians have.
What's the problem? Russians use this mines for years
Cenk say's Russia is the aggressor, he needs to read the Monroe doctrine on his show then be asked what would the U.S do if Mexico allowed Russian weapons on their soil. I think the word aggressor would take a different meaning. I like TYTs and support with funds not talk.
lol a mine that becomes HARMLESS when the battery dies. What's next disabling a nuclear reactor by turning off the power to the site.
Not really a reversal.  We say no a few times but Ukraine and Raytheon get whatever they want.  Meanwhile americans starve and are homeless.
Dark Brandon leaving a shit show for the incoming administration?  Sounds like a fair trade for the shit show he was handed.
Great, more UXB's...
fuck up and find out
He’s trying to start WW3.  He is a puppet for the globalists.  They want a war.  There is no option other than a peaceful negotiation (Biden already stopped one).  And  a nuclear war
Well he IS a dumbass sooooo there’s that 😊
CENK! Trumps ‘end’ to the war will not be a true end. Just a pause for Putin to re-arm and break treaties in the future and invade again. Just like he has always done.
If you ask me, they should have given these permissions to Ukraine on day 1 of the full scale invasion. Should have stopped Russia by force within the 1st month of this war.
This thread is extremely disheartening. in the comments there's just a bunch of neocons and warmongers NOT DEMOCRATS..
NOT OUR CIVIL WAR. it's nice to see Dems remembering, WE ARE ANTI WAR..
If USA is in an active war, does Biden stay in office past January 2025?
This is dumb. Except for nukes, Russians are already using everything they have since the first months of the war.

Nuclear-capable Iskander missiles are being shot at Ukraine all the time since February 2022. Shortly after Russians also used cluster munitions, thermobaric weapons, all kinds of mines, chemical agents (e.g. white phosphorus in Mariupol), drones, strategic bombers, just about everything in their arsenal. Russia started mobilization since September 2022 and is transitioning to a war economy since then. 

It's the West that repeatedly goes through an identity crisis every time they are to deliver a new type of weapon system.
Biden is not "escalating", he is recognising and acting upon the clear and present danger represented by Putin who has been waging covert war on the west for years.
I totally disagree. Caving to Putin's feargame is what he wants. Putin has been playing the nuclear card for many months now. Every "red line" like western tanks, F16's, was crossed without any retaliation. Putin has run out of soldiers. If we bow to this psycho-maniac now, Ukraine is lost and so are we eventually. The war is over on the day Putin sees his goals of occupying large swaths of Ukraine is in danger.
I always hear this argument. Escalation needs to stop. Go tell the Russians that. Ukrainians were INVADED, cities literally obliterated, over 20,000 children kidnapped. Execution of prisoners, intentionally bombing hospitals, supermarkets. Why is it when this argument comes up it ALWAYS people asking Ukraine to not escalate. When they are the ones fighting for their very survival? It’s such a backward way of thinking. Thats like asking Poland or France to stop escalating when they got invaded by the Germans. Russia can literally end this war tomorrow by withdrawing their troops. Biden has simply given the Ukrainians the ability to fight without their hands tied behind their backs. The authorization was for strikes only in the Kursk region. 

Putin is not going to nuke anyone. He has been saying that since the beginning to try and get the west to back off and let him take what he wants. Do we want to set a precedent from here on out that threatening to use nuclear weapons to get what you want is okay?yes we want the war to end. But a just, lasting peace will only be possible when Ukraine is in a position of advantage at the table. Because if we let Putin take the land he has conquered, it only rewards this type of behavior in the future. Which WILL lead to actual US troops on the ground.
If the roles were swapped uger and anna would be screaming but because it comes from biden its more about "hey its not really an icbm" said so nonchalantly...
America is embarrassing itself by provocating Russia,the truth is Russia cannot be defeated by Media propaganda.The war in Ukraine has exposed the west' vanurability bcz every weapon they provided thinking would change the war received a More powerful response from Russia.Its time the west came back to their Sense before the world is put in a nuclear war
Biden fails at everything. Now he threw a tantrum after losing. America will pay the consequence.😮
russia escalated by bringing in north korean soldiers into the war. im going to have to unsubscribe tyt. you are trying to spread fear in the american portion of your audience by acting like putin will actually go through on his threats. everyone saw how well their initial invasion went- putin's oligarch buddies have been siphoning money meant for the russian military for decades and their pathetic invasion exposed it. ukraine has almost got this in the bag and now you are trying to get americans to back out. if ukraine backs down now, russia will recoup with nk and steam roll them within a year. president zelensky will be k*lled by putin. f*ck you, you cowards! what happened to americans between 1776 and now? even the russian bots are agreeing with this channel now.
WOW, President Biden may just be doing this for a reason
What is going on here?  I find myself increasingly agreeing with TYT.
Biden is enabling genocide, it's time for a war crimes arrest warrant to be issued.
I follow you guys but you have no real knowledge of the history that predates all of this.
Biden's spending as much as he can of YOUR MONEY on warfare! UKRAINE SHOULD BE RESPONSIBLE for COSTS in the FUTURE, not being let off the hook for billions in AID! YOU END UP FOR THIS BILL for a War they cannot win. While the Richest get richer from it and 75% of Americans will pay it for years and years.
Not one single comment mentions why Russia invaded Ukraine.  Back in 2000 Secretary of State James Baker of the United Stated told Russia that NATO would not be moving one inch eastward.  Russia told NATO they did not want military bases on its borders, just like the United States would not want to have Russian military bases in northern México  - that is the real reason why the war started.
It's okay we can't pronounce Cenk's name either.😏
This is why liberals lose they give in they give up
If we hand Ukraine to Russia because Putin threatens to attack us with nuclear weapons, then he will obviously use the same threat to demand the next country be handed over. Moldova will be first, then Georgia, Armenia, Azerbaijan, and probably Estonia. All Putin has to do is say "Surrender or I will attack with nuclear weapons." Soon it will be Turkey that is next on Putin's list, a nation that has wavered in its support for NATO but become a bit more willing to stick with the alliance since the invasion of Ukraine. What would we do then, hand over Turkey because Putin has threatened us?
There is no such thing as a humane war. Once war starts there will be unimaginable suffering, and the manner of death is secondary. The defending country has no choice but to use whatever weapons it can get, because more people will die if the invasion succeeds. The idea that somehow Putin will do something "worse" if the US provides weapons to Ukraine is not logical. Putin is already as brutal and murderous as he can be. If he were able to hold another draft he would do so. He cannot because it would inflame opposition in Russia. If he were able to persuade his generals to use nuclear weapons he would do so. He cannot because most of his generals don't want to be killed in a NATO attack and would not follow such an order. Using ICBMs to carry conventional warheads is just posturing, it is a very expensive way to deliver a conventional explosive.
Russia wouldn't have invaded if the USA refrained from including Ukraine into NATO. The US should've stuck to the treaty.
It's obvious why Biden is escalating with more weapons. Ukraine is on the cusp of losing and he wants to prolong it until Trump is president so they can blame him. And no, I am not a Trump supporter.
Honestly fuck Ukraine. All this bullshit pro Ukraine propaganda makes me want them to lose. Since when has Ukraine been an ally of America? It’s not like they’ve been a long time friend or anything. Literally just an excuse for the military industrial complex to test weapons on live Russians
FYI These are not passive mines these are remote controlled. When no loner wanted you can just set them all to blow. FYI2 Russia has been laying old school dumb mines sine the start back in what 2014. FYI3 Ukraine has laded old school mines of their own.  FYI4 apx 20% of Ukraine is mined right now. One big dangerous mess is coming.
Biden is considering "sending nukes to (the neonazis) in Ukraine as deterrent"... So,about impeachment...
Biden lacks the courage to confront Israel or Russia, Biden needs to stop sending weapons and funds to Israel who is guilty of a genocide, and confront Israel for massacring 44,000
Palestinians mostly woman and children, but Ukraine has been invaded by Russia we need to help Ukraine end this immediately
Despite Biden's shortcomings in handling the Israel situation, Trump, the GOP, and Russia are worse. The Palestine conflict has resulted in 40k casualties, whereas approximately 200k Ukrainian and 600k Russian casualties. Take it from the horses mouth. Russian propaganda openly acknowledges its ambitions to invade more countries and its LITERALLY their mission to destroy democracies. Recently, the U.S. Department of Justice uncovered a covert campaign where Russia used the state-controlled media outlet RT to funnel $10 million through a U.S. media company. This company, in turn, paid prominent right-wing influencers to spread Kremlin-aligned propaganda. The campaign is part of Russia’s ongoing efforts to influence U.S. policy and public opinion, which unfortunately succeeded in getting Trump elected​. Politicians of the right will get vaccinated but when on air will openly lie and peddle conspiracy theories. Twice as many republicans died than democrats after the vaccines came out because of the right wing medias culture wars to distract for the corporate elite.

Trump never liked the metaphor drain the swamp. He said in 2016 quote “I hated it. Somebody said ‘drain the swamp,’ and I said, ‘Oh, that is so hokey, that is so terrible.'" Trump has always AB tested in front of crowds and whatever the crowd likes he gives it to them because he doesn't have any ideology. He's a con man and you're a mark. He thinks 'what do you like what do you want' that he'll pretend to be in favor of. When Trump realized his audience loved the phrase 'drain the swamp' he quickly made it part of a standard stum speech in 2016 and again in 2020. It is mainly in 2016 and why he won in 2016. On the campaign trail in 2020 he remarked about the phrase 'drain the swamp' quote: "I put it in one speech the place went crazy, I said I'm starting to like that expression". He never believed in it, he's just doing it to get people to believe in him while he does the exact opposite. Trump made an excellent PR move in turning down $400,000 in presidential salary, while behind the scenes in office took $7.8 million from *20* foreign governments.

Brian Ballard is the biggest bundler for Donald Trump. He's given him $50 million in campaign contributions. He used to be the communications director for Citizens United, the actual group that sued to be allowed to do corruption and happen in the first place. They wanted to funnel untold number amount of money to politicians for the donors so they can control the government, and they won that case. He was their communications director and is in many ways patient zero.

In 2020, Steve Bannon, a former Trump advisor, along with three others, was charged with fraud related to the "We Build the Wall" fundraising campaign. The campaign was supposed to raise money privately to help construct a border wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Bannon and his co-conspirators were accused of misappropriating the funds for personal use. The charges stated that the organizers promised donors that 100% of the money would go toward building the wall, but in reality, hundreds of thousands of dollars were diverted for personal expenses.

Bannon was arrested in August 2020 and pleaded not guilty to the charges. However, just before leaving office in January 2021, President Donald Trump granted him a pardon. The pardon absolved Bannon of federal charges related to the case. Other individuals involved in the scheme were not pardoned and continued to face legal consequences.
Notably, one of Bannon’s co-conspirators, Brian Kolfage, pleaded guilty to charges related to the fraud in 2022, admitting to misusing the donated funds for personal benefits.
Vance called Trump Hitler, openly lies about democrats supporting abortion up to the moment of birth, calls a pregnancy from rape an inconvenience, and lied about Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear saying he said he wished for a member of his family to get raped knowing he was referring to him having to deal with an unwanted pregnancy. Regarding his military service and the stolen valor accusations of Walz, it's nonsense. Vance wasn’t asked to "serve" in that ill-conceived war, he didn’t have a choice. JD served in public affairs rather than on the front lines. As a junior enlisted Marine at the start of the Global War on Terror (GWOT), his options were to deploy as ordered or face a Court Martial for desertion, dereliction of duty, and other charges, potentially landing him in Leavenworth at the USDB. 

Vance's Claim That He LOADED His Guns After Trump Shooting DOESN'T MAKE SENSE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4sMyEwUIG4

Walz was close to retirement when 9/11 happened but delayed it for another four years. As a Command Sergeant Major, he wasn't going to be out on patrol; he was focused on performing the high-level duties expected of someone at the E9 rank. If there had been a significant need, he could have been placed under “stop loss” and prevented from retiring. At his age he was eligible to retire which is the typical retirement age that is a common decision for many, but more notably, he retired to run for Congress on a platform focused on ending the war. He campaigned by highlighting the devastation caused by the war and later voted to bring all troops home within 90 days. He could have retired earlier but he stayed in longer. He submitted his paperwork for his Congressional run in early 2005. A few months later he submitted his paperwork for retirement, a few months after that is when the deployment orders to go to Iraq for his Battalion came out so he didn't know in early 2005. Later that year there would be deployment orders.

Trump is a literal draft Dodger. He avoided service in the Vietnam War through student and medical deferments. He said he got a medical deferment for a bone spur in a foot but couldn't remember which foot. When he talked about it in 2015 he reportedly called soldiers who died in war suckers and losers and he also called his sex life in the 80s his own personal Vietnam.

Contrary to the right wing media lies and propaganda there is no policy requiring tampons in boys' bathrooms; instead, the law provides menstrual products in gender-neutral and girls' bathrooms. Democrats are never advocating for switching genders to those who do not want to. Consider this; Would you prefer being with a person who you dont know what is like on the inside because they are keeping it a secret? They will feel comfortable with who they are and you get to know what they are really like.
Trump supporters have attacked figures like Nancy Pelosi's husband, an incident Trump later mocked, and even attempted to kidnap a Democratic governor after Trump publicly criticized her. Nevertheless, the claim is that Biden and Harris have been the true instigators of violence. Trump has encouraged and laughed at violent actions from his side numerous times. When he warns people about danger, he’s only concerned when it affects him. He jokes about Pelosi's husband being attacked with a hammer but takes offense if anything happens to him, showing clear hypocrisy in his reactions to political violence. Trump tweeted that Pence "didn't have the courage to do what should have been done" to stop the certification of the election. Which in 60 court cases later with judges even appointed by Trump, failed to provide any evidence. In December 2022, Donald Trump suggested that the U.S. Constitution could be disregarded, stating that a "massive fraud" allows for the "termination of all rules, regulations, and articles, even those found in the Constitution." Making Trump and the GOP the biggest threat to American democracy in US history. After Donald Trump learned that his supporters were chanting "Hang Mike Pence" during the Capitol riot on January 6, 2021, former White House aide Cassidy Hutchinson testified that Trump showed indifference or even approval. According to Hutchinson, Trump reportedly said, "He doesn’t think they’re doing anything wrong" and expressed that Pence "deserved it." When told that his supporters were armed, Trump allegedly said, “They’re not here to hurt me,” further fueling concern about his stance on the mob’s actions. Most acts of terror in the US are caused by right wingers. Something the right wing media makes sure to not inform its viewers to distract them for the corporate elite.

Former Longest Serving Trump Chief Of Staff John Kelly Raises The Alarm Declaring Trump A Bonafide Fascist https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0zfdAVcLnA
Elon Musk Trying To Kill As Many Ukrainian's As Possible https://youtu.be/iWv4OsMseZ4?si=k323qXg6lHex2AP1&t=1328
Elon Musk Working For The Russians https://youtu.be/vyP9JsQg1kw?si=5FSUXbgQz_jIrnG0&t=894
NEW AXIS OF EVIL: Russia, China, Iran, North-Korea | Analysis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VYk3exKZ2Io
Elon is a Fake Free Speech Warrior https://youtu.be/dD3jfqbI3SI?si=kZulHBb4KZov3i33
The Cult of Musk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z0PHv3E8jpY
Elon has always been political with hidden agendas https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWXwrJiccZQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaTUxTT8-2I
Elon Musk I'm F**KD Prison Sentence https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooXA3GFWBLk
Elon's Door Knockers Were Treated TERRIBLY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkWxr0f40Lo
$1,000,000 Fundraiser -- $1 Million Broe Christmas Convoy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ePWajlWB64
RFK Jr. said Trump was "a terrible human being. The worse [sic] president ever and barely human. He is probably a sociopath." He criticized President Trump for failing to deliver on his promises to American workers. He accused Trump of promising to revive manufacturing, raise wages, fix trade deals, close tax loopholes, and support small farmers, but instead, catering to the interests of the Republican establishment. According to RFK Jr., Trump's achievements primarily benefited wealthy individuals like Jeff Bezos, deregulated industries for special interests, and provided advantages to large agricultural conglomerates.

RFK Jr. pointed out that Trump allowed influential figures from the Bush-era GOP to dominate his administration, appointing lobbyists from the oil, gas, coal, and pharmaceutical industries to key positions. He also criticized Trump for supposedly supporting small farmers but ultimately funneling funds to large agricultural corporations.

He highlighted the social unrest during Trump's presidency, noting the significant rioting and looting, and accused Trump of inflaming racial tensions and failing to maintain public safety. Instead of addressing the chaos, RFK Jr. argued that Trump allowed Democrat-run cities to burn for political optics.

On foreign policy, RFK Jr. condemned Trump for unilaterally withdrawing from the intermediate-range nuclear missile treaty with Russia, which destabilized relations and exacerbated tensions between Ukraine and Russia, leading to war. He also criticized Trump's appointments of neoconservatives like John Bolton, HR McMaster, and Robert O’Brien, suggesting that Lindsey Graham might become his Secretary of State in a second term.

RFK Jr. further accused Trump of bombing Syria, killing an Iranian general, and failing to end the war in Afghanistan. He blamed Trump for initiating lockdowns during the pandemic, which he said led to the closure of millions of small businesses and a significant transfer of wealth to billionaires.

Lastly, RFK Jr. claimed that Trump did little to address the opioid crisis, which worsened during his presidency, while his appointees were aligned with the interests of big pharma. He concluded by warning that a second Trump term would likely bring more of the same. In his words "If you think a second Trump term would be any different, you are engaging in wishful thinking."

These statements came out merely two months before he threw his support behind Trump. After the Democrats denied him airtime for his unfounded vax conspiracy theories and pro Kremlin aligned propaganda points, he sacrificed any remaining integrity and appears to have opted for a path of bitter revenge.

Trump Picks BRUTAL War Hawk for National Security Adviser https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y_wo4KiaQ7o
There's a man that engaged in an insurrection…. do you approve? And SCOTUS delays
There is a man in New York that tried to hide his past before an election ... do you approve? Convicted on 34 counts
There's a man that rapes a woman and molests others... do you approve? Adjudicated $92 mil
What if a man keeps secret sensitive files in unsecured ways.... do you approve? And his judge delays indefinitely
What if a man conspires to steal votes... do you approve? 4/19 plead guilty
What if a man cooks the books and steals from the people... do you approve? Adjudicated $463 mil
These are just 6 undisputed questions. Is this the type of person you will support at the sake of losing your own respect?

Drumpf: three times this year he has been adjudicated as a sex offender, company fraudster, and now faces 34 class E felony charges with up to 4 years in jail for falsifying records to cover up his infidelities prior to the 2016 elections that may have changed the result of who would be president of the United States of America! So much for election integrity.

2016 election campaign: five of Drumpf's staff were found guilty of crimes that were used to help Drumpf become president, only to have Drumpf pardon them.
2020 election campaign: five of Drumpf's staff have pleaded guilty to their part in trying illegally to change the outcome of the election, and nearly 55 more people have been indicted in five states for their part in trying to overturn the election with the fake electors.
In business: his personal lawyer was found guilty of crimes related to the 2016 election. The CFO of Trump Co. was found guilty of financial crimes in the company's name and has been to prison twice due to these.

The GOP contender for president has announced that in the event that a delinquent NATO country gets invaded by Russia, he "would encourage them to do whatever they like." Article 5 has only been used once, and that was after the September 11 attack on the USA. Is this the true "Manchurian candidate" via the Kremlin?

FAKE NEWS has found its father, Mr. Pecker of the "National Enquirer," and Donald Drumpf is its GODFATHER.

I wonder what Daddy and Granddaddy would say about their prodigy turning their name into a term that will go down in history as rich people begging; let's call it "TRUMPING FOR MONEY."

I think Little Donald, going by his latest rallies, must be using "Baby Shark, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo" to hype himself up with before the rallies, what do you think?

Not that this has anything to do with the election (he is not a politician) or the computer from hell, but for the record, Hunter Biden was found guilty of three felony counts regarding his 2nd amendment by misreporting on a firearm license.

05/23/24: US Inflation Rate is at 3.36%, compared to 3.48% last month and 4.93% last year. Real gross domestic product (GDP) increased at an annual rate of 1.6 percent in the first quarter of 2024, January 2020 2.5%. The U.S. job market expanded in April for the 40th consecutive month, but at a slower pace. 175,000 new jobs were added in April, unemployment rate 3.7%, May 272,000 nearly 100,000 over expectation, January 2020 2.5%. The Dow posted its all-time high during trading on May 16, 2024, reaching a peak of 40,051.05 points making 401k higher, under Trump on January 2020 28,600. The reason you feel poor is that Drumpf and Lara at the GOP keep asking for your last dollar.
It's  nice that you think just because Trump  stops funding  the war will end. There is no end until Putin has all of Europe and continues  on. You have to pull your head out and realize  this is only the beginning of the glut for power of the world. You aren't  seeing the forest through the trees. Putin has killed millions of innocent people. You would like to sit on your thumbs while this continues ? You can't let Putin get the upper hand. He has to be stopped. Yes he has nukes. So do we. I'm  pretty sure we aren't going to be the  first to shoot. But they also know that whatever  happens  the picture  will not be pretty for anyone. Putin  is using a bluff card to scare you and that he is in control. But really he is not he's  losing thousands of men and money everyday and it has taken a big toll on his country.  He is too stubborn to admit defeat.
Cenk correct your spirituality
And I was starting to feel sorry for Biden. This will be his legacy. A failed senile President who escalated conflict right before the next President
When it comes to upholding international agreements that coax countries into nuclear DISARMAMENT, you and Ana are really shitty and embarrassing.
Banning the use of landmines is mind numbingly dumb
Further escalation? Wtf is this hoe on?
Russia brought in North Korean troops. I think Ukraine needs to fight back. Trump wants to make a deal by letting Russia keep what they've seized so far and 20 years before they can join NATO. Yeah, so Russia has 20 years to take more or all of Ukraine  I feel for Zelinsky If Zelinsky wants to use these weapons, that's on him. What should happen is letting Ukraine join NATO just before Trump's inauguration. Fuck Trump! If he's so damn tough he'll tell Putin that's enough. His base thinks he's tough on foreign leaders. SMS!
The Democrats have become the pro-war party.
USA vetoed a Word Wide Ban of land mines !! The good guys !! Yippi !!
east germany is the same thing. in the end germany got them back. when putin is gone, i have a feeling ukraine will get their land back
Putin strikes me as a very vain man: He doesn't want to be known as a guy who makes idle threats that aren't to be taken seriously (he's close to that point now, and he must know it). I'm more concerned about WW3 now than I was back in the '70s and early '80s. I don't even feel safe here in Tassie anymore.....World leaders really need to wake up to themselves.
Are we still pretending Biden has been running the country? 🙄 
We will be lucky if this administration doesn’t get us all vaporized, He knows Trump will stop the war when he gets in and that is why the Biden administration is doing it!!!
Seems like TYT is leaning hard right these days. Progressives were in support of Ukraine's right to defend itself until they needed a reason to criticize Democrats to keep their progressive credentials.

Russia is allowed to escalate by bringing in a whole other country into the fight when they start losing, but we can't give them the tools to defend themselves. 

Couldn't have been threatening nuclear war since he invaded Ukraine. He's trying to scare you out of Ukraine so that he can take land. 

All of the escalation on Russia's part are acts of desperation because they couldn't take Ukraine in 3 years.
So many neo-con tendencies by leftists in the comments. They really do love war and the Cheney mindset. LMAO. Complete lack of understanding of the US involvement in Ukraine, the 2014 CIA led coup, and the mistreatment by Ukraine of the ethnically Russian people in the eastern part of the country.
Biden is trying to make it where Trump has a hard time getting out of Ukraine. Well not Biden but whoever is pulling his strings
Bitter old man kicked aside by his own team . More than capable of burning down the house on his way out the door . 😮
The democrats won't be happy leaving this administration without giving Trump even MORE GRIEF!! And they wonder why much of the American people voted for him 😂😂. Its the republicans behaving with more democracy than the democrats now. Talk about a switcharoo but goes to show its about the people not the party ✊🇺🇸
Is this RT?
These 2 are complaining about a possibility of WW3, but voted for the exact same people who are pushing for a greater war, make it make sense please. Shut up, you have no say Jihadi Cenk, complaining about what this administration is doing, but still going for said people, truly remarkable. I would love to live as a democ🐀 for a whole year and truly see what you idiots think of on a daily basis. Absolutely ridiculous.
LMFAOOOO what a jihadi, this phat whale democRAT 🐀 said DONSK, I am in tears 🤣
That's is Biden/Harris goodbye gift to Americans
Ok snowflakes what now!
I think that Biden wants to go out with a bang. The problem is the bang might be nuclear war. I can't wait until Trump gets takes over and stops the war.
really strange to watch hardcore Dems reporting on a Dem President leaning towards WW3 after voting for said Dem Presidents lackey Kamala Harris. then acting like they disapprove of them trying to start WW3 after losing the election. just image if KH was elected
At this point nobody believes the major media and or Ukraine and certainly not  the Biden Administration.
The battery lasts up to two weeks.
Geeez...
You are obviosily ignorate to the fact that Russia has used Iscander Ballistic & Kalibr missile (among others) that ARE TACTICAL NUCLEAR CARRIAGE CAPABLE!!!
 FROM DAY DOT!!!

ALSO AREN"T YOU BETTING ON TRUMP ACTUALLY SUCCEEDING!!!
I MEAN IT'S NOT LIKE RUSSIAN TV HASN'T BEEN CUCKING TRUMP SINCE THE ELECTION WITH MELANIA'S RACY PICS LOL!!!
Biden is possessed by a demon.  As prophesied.
compostable mines
This is where TYT lack of authenticity shows.
Bidi for Biden.
Go Joe go, bo Joe bom
I'm gonna do myself a favor and stop watching any of your videos on Ukraine. I don't know if you are bought and paid for because i just so happen to hear the same cowardly history revisionism in the other political commentary program i watch, but either way i can't  believe i am alive to see Chamberlain telling everyone to leave Hitler alone happen once again. We literally do not learn as a species. The absolute state of the world is beyond depressing.
WW3 is more likely if Ukraine gets no weapons….
Russia has no choice. What if Iran set up camp in Mexico. Would USA set back passive and not do anything or would we do the same thing Russia is doing?
Losing is not an option for Russia. They will not allow Nato to set up camp right beside them. This will be a threat to Russia's survival in the future. This is all a big future plan for USA to try to overthrow Russia. All because of the DEMOCRATS.  Russia will not be another Saudi Arabia "Weapons of Mass Destruction" for the NWO to go in and overthrow them and take all the riches left behind.
When this is all said and done and Russia reclaims Ukraine, Zelensky will be held accountable for his crimes.
Yes this has escalated next thing you know russia will invade ukraine
Bouncing Betties?
Unbelievably gust what is this all about an he is leaving office your gust is as good as mine, this is the real Biden making sure Trump have a tuff time, you know what  this is the man is the man democrats never trust to go un stage to give a speech without someone backed stages watching his unmake sure him unmarked sure he didn't mess up, sneekey is a understatement for him this man look like he would like to see a world War and give it to Trump think of the biger picture here ,this is not for one party i don't care if Ukraine send a new-clear over Russia that it Russia setting and more nuclear than any country  be careful
This guy promotes global warming a lot but loves war
Good for Biden!!! Slava Ukraini! ❤️❤️❤️🇺🇦❤️❤️❤️🇺🇸❤️❤️❤️
Does Cenk still support the 2013 insurrection and the coup that followed in 2014? He did then.
The origin of this war.
TYT should go back to covering relevant topics, like pronouns and recreational abortions.
Self-neuralizing mines are not 100% reliable. They can still be dangerous even when rendered "inert" by time (the battery that sets off the explosive running out). It becomes far less likely they'll explode but some of them still can because the explosive material and vessel are still there. It's like shooting an inert grenade. 99% of the time the grenade will just break and never explode, but rarely the detonator gets hit and it instantly explodes. In the case of electronically triggered landlines maybe a keyfob on the same frequency as the detonator unlocking a car nearby triggers it and it explodes or maybe it getting run over by a farm tractor causes a spark against the explosive material and some poor guy becomes a cripple. 
Landmines are really horrible unpredictable weapons and no one should be using them
I am sorry but Cenk said something in this video that is not the through. When He said that short range missiles that have been use until now can't carry nukes, in fact almost all of the types of missiles Russia used(Tochka, Iskander, Kalibr, Zircon, Kh-22, Kinzhal...) in the last three years can carry both conventional and thermonuclear warheads...
If russia continued "winning", as you call it, at their current pace, it would take them 40 years to take all of ukraine. Dont think they will last that long...
So how much would this cost us taxpayers? How much money do these DUDS cost? They only last as long as 2 weeks.. newsflash the war been going on for 2 years at least 🙄
Seems like WW3 is today's Russian propaganda's talking point you guys should never play poker
If Dems start WW3.... Democrat party is DONE
As a weapons expert Cenk understands that sometimes batteries accidentally last forever.
WHO IS RUNNING THE COUNTRY?
Following A New Hope, the Swamp Empire Strikes Back
They want to start WORLD WAR 3 because they lost. I used to think Democrats had common sense
russia is doing the same with these mines . that’s way they r sending them
The current administration is full of war profiteers.
Wish Biden gave a rats ass about the Palestian  genocide, but no, he kisses Israel Prime Minister b*** even more than Trump kisses Putins.
Yeap, because an alkaline battery only last 2 hours to 2 weeks? Not even Trump would put out a lie like that.
Biden's escalation is a f@$k you to Trump..&to the American people
Biden stopped giving a F*k
So let's ban the weapons most effective against Russia, while Russia continues to use those same weapons with no restrictions. What a brilliant idea! And clearly not motivated by doing the bidding of the Putin dictatorship at all...
People are dieing in South East Asia & Croatia from battles that "ended"..years ago
Stockpiling and deploying anti-personnel mines is supposed to be a war crime since they affect civilians WAY more than military targets.
We told Ukraine they could get rid of their nukes and now we are going to abandon them. What present does the set? None trusts the US anymore we will have no allies.
The US are not giving money to Ukraine to help them, they give them money to make this war last as much as possible to weaken Russia and to provoke Putin, they created that conflict starting in 2014...
If you listen to people like cenk, your country will get taken over. If you don’t stop Russia they will own your country
So Russia can attack Ukraine in Ukraine but you don’t want Ukraine to attack them back in Russia. You making them fight with one hand behind their back.
Both sides have been using mines since day 1 of this war. False outrage.
Correct. This is a bad idea. No mines. Let's end this war. Should have been done  a long time ago.
We are at a tipping point. I think Russia is going to strike US assets conventionally somewhere in the world.
TYT does not understand that it's either this or capitulation and genocide at the hands of Russia.  Russia will not stop... they will take the "red light" to rebuild their forces and do this again in 3-5 years to get the rest of Ukraine, with Moldova, Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia as the next targets.  Russia started this war and created the main escalation.  It's insane to think that Ukraine is the problem here.
It’s not Biden 
He’s just a puppet
He’s simply following orders from his dark masters from the shadows.
Biden is trying to start WW3 before he leaves office.
Why the simple truth is hard to swallow? Boris Johnson has blood on his hands … this war started with a coup in maidan funded by hilllary… Zelensky is a Russian speaker and he banned Russian language from the eastern part of Ukraine. Minorities are treated differently elsewhere… in civil countries… try to remove German language from Sudtirol in Italy… bombs will explodes in Rome… are we sure that Boris Johnson was in good faith in sabotaging the Minsk accords? … there is no rational explanation… other than a distopic fantasy of living like mad max in a post apocalyptic world. Only Pope Francis had the courage to stand against weapons lobbists
My best friend suffered significant injuries by an American mine at age 10 in the Dominican Republic1969, three years after U.S. Soldiers had redeployed to the U.S.
How can the Hague charge Netanyahu with war crimes, and not do the same to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris?    Theyre every bit apart of the killing of innocence in Gaza as Netanyahu who is.   You could make the argument Biden and Harris are more complicit than Netanyahu is, considering theyre the ones giving Isreal the ammunition knowing good an well what theyre going to do with it.   So please, charge Biden with war crimes.
The military is running, and ruining this country !!! We are effectively a Military Junta !!! All that our government is doing related to the fostering of war and arms is the most evil and 
diabolical action that the United States Government can execute !!! 
Our government sucks !!!
Just an observation as World War 3 gets underway: Ana is terribly beautiful today. Amazing woman.
I have been a member of your channel for many years but after your started repeating innsane Russian propaganda (from some kind of alternative reality) I have now unsubscribed.
Ana looks amazing in this video
Its totally appropriate that the Face of all of these stupid conflicts is Joe Biden.   This Zelensky guy is playing the Biden/Harris like fools.   Why did Biden commit our people to clean up Ukrainian ordinances?    Once we give them to you, theyre yours.
How is this possible ? Progressives that are jeopardizing the world safety? Allowing long range missiles into Russia after Biden lost the election? How is this possible? Only ordinary administration should the president perform or how are theese lunatic decision possible? Isn’t there in the US some sort of safeguards?
Its WAR!! Its ugly, inhumane and like political pundits explaining what a politician didn't do to win. Ukraine has to do whatever it needs to preserve and protect the autonomy of their country.
We manufacture lifelike Zelenskyy sex dolls. The dolls are available with either a penis, vagina or both. They are extremely lifelike, sanitary,  and will come with a storage case, maintenance kit and two outfits modeled to look identical to the military costume Zelensky wears.  All proceeds would go to Ukraine's defense, but I don't know which organization to send the money to.  Can anyone point me in the right direction?
To all the clueless idiots attacking TYT here. Listen I'm not a progressive leftie but TYT is right. 

For all those who are saying Russia should just leave. Spoiler alert - they're going nowhere. Why? Becase they did leave when they signed the second Minsk Agreement. But Ukraine violated it with support from the US (Biden Administration), Germany and the UK. 

Former Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel admitted that the West and Ukraine had no intention of abiding by the agreement when they signed. It was more to buy time to re-arm Ukraine. Do you think Putin is going to believe them now??

What interest does Putin have in Eastern Ukraine? It was formerly a part of the Russian Soviet Republic (RSR) under the former USSR, including Crimea by the way. The leadership committee of the USSR unilaterally decided to carve up the boundary and give those to Ukraine. That's why the majority of Ukrainians who live in that region are Russian speaking. Which is why over a million of them fled to Russia when the war broke out. You can search the exact number it's publicly available.

The Ukrainian government (most of whom are Ukrainian nationalists) were bombing that region as part of their Ukrainisation policy (i.e. Ukraine for Ukrainians) and really escalating it after the coup of 2014. 

The Russian speaking people in the Donbas etc pleaded with the Kremlin for help but Putin held back. He watched as those people were bombarded until he couldn't take it anymore. 

So he's not going back and good luck trying to convince him to give up any land. That horse has already bolted. The best Ukraine could do is negotiate a ceasefire. They overplayed their hands.
So the Biden administration has made a decision that will result in dozens or hundreds of young Russian men, sent into a war they don't want  to be in by Putin, having their legs blown off. Good one, Joe.
@TheYoungTurks: Come on guys. Biden providing land mines to Ukraine "a major escalation"? Are you kidding me?
Russia has been laying out millions and more millions of not-so-temporary mines since the start of this war. Ukraine is the most mined country in the world by now. And now if you start whining that Ukraine  gets to lay out mines that will last 4 or 12 hours, and if defect 14 days. On their own land. Or is it just that when Russia whines, you whine?
I can agree to a lot of what you are saying with regards to Israel / Palestine. But you dont seem to want to recognise who are the victims in the Ukraine war. Double standards all the ways down ....
Who is this hoe?
It was an intermediate range missile, not an icbm.
Democrats love war what happened to JFK liberals lol
Don't worry, Ana, I'm sure peace-loving Trump--your bey--will end the war in Ukraine and Israel in 24 hours or less. He's such a wise, insightful statesman.
...are they referring to spider mines?
Biden should be arrested.   They will run to their bunkers, and we will be left to die.  This is an evil move.
How about Russia leaving Ukraine? I knew you guys were paid off.
The bankers in Russia told them to denazify Ukraine. And the bankers in Ukraine on the same team told them to fight back. A lot of religious leaders who are the spiritual leaders of many bankers have said this is revenge for some kind of wrongdoing generations ago so they’re killing everyone in this region. And it will help bring about our messiah. It’s greater khazaria or something. Get the fanatics out. We’re all too afraid to truly speak truth to power tho because we get cancelled and debanked. When billions of lives are on the line we should stop caring about being cancelled or debanked. Be brave
You betta start digging a hole for a make you a shelter.  Joe Biden and the elites have their bunkers in case of Nuclear war.
The thing I haven’t heard TYT says is what if Russia can’t be bargained with? They are winning now, why would they take a deal?
If US backs out of support for Ukraine Poland 100% will step up and probably France and Germany too
I thought Americans love playing with fire
It has to count for something that Russia targets civilians, while Ukraine targets ammunition depots.
Who’s the hitler now ?
Stop it! Just stop it!! It’s a WAR!!! We didn’t start this. Democracy was invaded. You make this sound like it’s our fault. 

It’s RUSSIA’s fault!!! STOP

There will be no nuclear war. Stop trying to scare everyone.
"Trump is a unique danger to the country"  -- Idiots.
The evil democrats are setting the country on fire (even more so)  before leaving
No more money to Ukraine. We don't need war in Europe.
Anna your daddy Putin might get what he deserves and your mad about it? 😂😂😂
The missiles are hypersonic which magnifies the destruction hundreds of times. Trump has no power over Russians who decide the outcome. biden just wants the war to go on till he leaves office then blame Trump for the loss.
Further escalation is inevitable, though. It ends when Russia wants it to.
The thing is people like Putin and Kim Jong, countries like Russia and China and North Korea do not live in the woke, liberal bubble of the western world and have the same views of equality and diversity that you do. They don't have respect for women which is why Kamala Harris would have been a disaster because they don't respect or acknowledge a woman as an equal, so are not in anyway afraid of her. I guarantee Putin will back down and lower the rhetoric once Trump is back in, because he does fear and respect Trump as an equal. It all comes down to what Putin does while useless Biden is still asleep at the wheel until January, but what is certain is that waving rainbow flags, or having bull rings through your nose, or demanding the progressive woke agenda be followed, will have no effect on people like Putin or his actions. Get tough is the only response he will understand.
There are no civilians in this twisted world.
What do you think the United States would do if Russia had said that it was OK. to to send missiles against New York City, and went ahead and did so?. Cenk does not have the capacity  for impartiality.
I’m a lefty, and I totally support the people of Ukraine. They were invaded, Putin is allowed to leave at anytime. Maybe he can persuade Ukraine to give back Kursk as part of the peace negotiations. Why do so many assume the Russians have no agency here.
Medium range lol
I approve
F'CKING WARMONGER.  M...F'CKERS, I'M F'CKING SO PISSED RIGHT NOW !! ENOUGH !!!
So since liberals and Democrats are okay with the Ukrainian war, i don't want to hear about free Palestine. Russia INVADED Ukraine, Gaza INVADED Israel. Same thing. You are either for the two or against the two, no selection.
Anna, how would you win this war if you always have both of your hands tied behind your back?
Biden trying to set the place on fire on his way out…. No matter where you stand politically, at this point everyone should accept/embrace the fact that Trump WILL end this conflict. Yes, Ukraine will have to give away territory, and yes that’s unfair, but that’s a hell of a lot better for the rest of the globe than the alternative. Escalation at this point is ridiculous.
America: Sends unlimited military support to Israel, then backs them by sending an aircraft carrier. "We aren't escalating anything!"  - Sends Ukraine mines - "This represents a serious escalation!" 🤷‍♂🤷‍♂
Cenk needs a history lesson on how this war started. He is waaaaaay off on his analysis.
Cenk: 'Russia is going to win when Trump comes in so Ukraine should give their land'. Cenk on Palestine: 'Fight for your land'. Hypocrisy at its finest!!🙄
Well done lefties. You voted Biden to stop Trump from preventing ww3 only to have Biden usher it in right before once again Trump has a chance to prevent it. Brilliant, simply brilliant 🤣🤣🤣
There will be peace soon ❤
Anna, what are you going to say when Putin decides that he'd like to conquer the USA next?
Get em Ukraine!!! Finally!! Ukraine has been fighting with their hands behind their backs!!!
These Biden-Harris mines are fine and dandy.  They are not like the mines used by the Trump administration.  These mines do not explode.  They simply contain a speaker that calls the person who steps on it a "Fascist."
I love how both the left and right come together on this. The ESTABLISHMENT is the one pushing for this. No one wants more war.
Hateful old man. Willing to sacrifice human life for politics and pride
Biden is going to take the world into a nuclear war
Joe Biden wants bombs dropped on America either to thin the herd or to be punished for voting against democrats 4 years...why did he wait till after the election to do this and furthermore why do I think he wouldn't have done this if Democrats won the election 😮
We started this war, this is Biden's pet war, he started it. The state wanted to see Russia in action and dared Russia to cross the border. They are happy to use Ukraine as a proxy yo bleed Russia white regardless of the Ukraine casualties. Zelensky has been paid well for the sacrificial offerings of his country, they were never expected to last so long. Now the deep state fears the end and would perfer nuvlear war as an exit strategy before Americans start shining lights at their doings in Ukraine. This is not the American people's war, this is Biden's and the establishment.
Spiteful, hateful old bastard smearing his shitty diaper in our faces.
Yeah the explosives in the mines will sudden not explode after the battery runs out. Never, ever, forever.
For a 1000 years Anatolia was Greek. Then the Turks.........well you know.
budapest memorandum
Old Joe must be desperate to avoid a Ukie surrender until he can get out of town.
Fact: Russia is the agressor who has for over 1002 days committed countless warcrimes in Ukraine inc directly targeting and practising their weapons on civilians, kidnapping thousands of children, murdering & torturing civilians & prisoners of war etc etc etc. For two years Russia has been invading Ukraine by sending in meat waves of very poorly trained/equipped soldiers, that is Russia is deliberately sacrificing its own soldiers to take land. You want ukraine not to kill the invading army, tell Russia to stop invading. Not sure who the good guys are? See the wikipedia pages *Atrocity crimes during the Russo-Ukrainian War*, *War crimes in the Russian invasion of Ukraine*, *International Criminal Court investigation in Ukraine*, *Child abductions in the Russo-Ukrainian War*, *Torture and castration of a Ukrainian POW in Pryvillia*, *Legality of the Russian invasion of Ukraine*. Faced with this terrible choices have to be made. If the west had properly supported Ukraine they would not need such things.
Bro really said if yall don’t want me as president I’ll burn this bitch to the ground this is nuts!🤦🏾‍♂️
Why is a man with dementia still president. Who are the puppetmasters pulling his strings????
“Anti war left”

Proof they never wanted peace.

They want to sabotage trumps peace.

You idiots voted for that lol. We’ll fix it.
Dont let Cenk title the videos. He uses "does" alot.
Warmongering Joe Biden started WW3. Fact checked.
I can't take it anymore; I am so sick of the democrat party.  It has become everything that I hate. I am seeing two reactions from democrats involving this whole situation, one being denial and the other a call for war with a major nuclear power. If it hits the fan, I wonder how many liberals are willing to strap up and fight to protect Ukraine.
Oh, are you not only against Israel, you are also anti-Ukraine now?
Hey democrats, just think…. You could have had 4 more year of the senile war monger.
Which gov meddled and toppled the former elected president of Ukraine and installed their puppet in the form of Zelenskyy?
What I see is a bully? What is going to stop this bully from wanting more? You ever see a bully reason. Who wants war, we don't, but the bully who initiated this hasn't backed down. There could have been a more legal way to approach a disagreement, but the bully chose aggression. Take the power away from the bully.
Biden is executing PERFECTLY ... MANY policies will be "reversed" as a slow incremental esculation of weapon capability is pursued. This is the ONLY way to beat Russia without invoking a nuclear WW3 response. When Trump takes office and kills support .. other NATO countries will step up and continue this planned esculation of weaponry.  Russia will eventually LOSE.. ~8yrs left in this War IMO.
Remember when Cenk said vote Biden cuz Trump might start WW3 🙄
Immoral
Anna, wtf? Just look at the weaponry Russia uses against Ukraine, and you might want to criticize them instead of bashing the Ukrainians who are trying to defend themselves against occupying forces.  Have you ever seen that war-devastated landscape? There is no man's land anymore. Seriously.
Liberals really obsessed with wars....like god damm....they even calling Trump evil for wanting to stop wars
If the Democrats want to they could get Joe Biden out of office just like they got Joe Biden out of the election they could get him out of office they just don't want to
Biden is going directly against what US citizens want.
Funny how this maniac is funding pushing for destruction on Russia because they are doing the exact same thing as Israel. Other the other front this Monster is funding and pushing for destruction and genocide of Palestinians. Biden and All complicate should be charged with War crimes and locked away for life
De-escalation is usually the job of the attackers not the defenders.  Instead of spouting Russian propaganda why not stop and think.  Why is Ukraine fighting Russia 🤔
If you don't know exactly why the democrats are doing this, You might be a progressive.
I’m not pro-war, but seeing as Trump is coming into office & is basically pro-Russia & Russia now has North Korea fight with them- I don’t really care Biden is giving them these mines. I AM, however pissed that Biden OK’d more arms to Israel. That’s a bad call.
Biden is a war criminal and shouldn't be able to just ride off into the sunset. Of course , that's assuming we survive this.
lately you guys have been making great videos on stuff the matters. not the slander stuff before the elections. just you viewpoint back with evidence to support it. much better job
He’s trying to bring America in this war before he leaves office this is pure evil and should be called as it is
The Democrats as a party had become more reactionary than Republicans.  Biden is actually worse than George W Bush. The man had voted for every war in Congress. I should have seen this coming. In the meantime homelessness is skyrocketed in major US cities,  gave Ukraine $60 millions  for more wars.
It is unbelivable how Biden has escalated American input in this war weeks before he leaves office, he is making sure the weapons manufacturers make their fortune and then make more money when they go back in to clean their mess up.
And you are worried about Trump. Can't you see that Biden and his administration are criminals and monsters putting fire to our world?!
His final gift to the American public on his way out: WWIII. Anyone paying attention knew this guy was bad news before the 2020 election. Shame on anyone who voted for him or Harris!
Two months to somehow cause WW3...
It showed Biden is also old warcriminal, because of the election. he had to act with restrain. Now he lost and shackles are off and he goes full escalating  weapondelivery warmode. No matter the costs in the long run. Like  Ukraine may missile in russia, and use banned mines, what is next ..   for israel same strategy more weapondeliveries and warning people not to stop him like bernie.
Why are we worried about nuclear Armageddon? We should be worried about abortion rights
I'll be honest I just started watching TYT again. Everyone deserves a second chance.
Blackrock and Haliburton have over a trillion dollars invested into rebuilding and owning large pieces of the land of Ukraine. They are the ones calling the shots.
These mines are not against any law - they actually will decommission themselves after a few months - unlike the ones Russia is using which will be there long after the war and will hurt civilians.  So sick of Russian talking points being pushed in our mainstream news - guess that is just going to get worse this January when a known rapist and Russian operative becomes our next president.
Honestly woman! You so worried about Gaza but when is Ukraine defense it’s DANGEROUS ESCALATION! What a hell there’s no escalation for Ukraine they are already being killed for 1000 days where’s your outrage at this! Russia will never stop unless someone stops it. So sad to see even you talking for Russia
I fi was a CNN anchor.......i would stop the broadcast and quickly say.......I'm really not ok with this....Vietnam waste of money, Afghanistan, waste of money, Iraq, waste of money. I would seriousl yrathe rwork at mcdonalds or subway that broadcast WW3 in a positive way. The crazy thing is all through the Iraq was afghanistan i have WATCHED CNN...just be pro war forever.Giving us tasty little snippets of HOW the weapons work to murder people with. The pLANS , the strategies. Vietnam (US pulled out lost), Afghanistan(pulled out, lost), Iraq(barely made a difference to the place). Syria (pulled out aswell and let Russia in and used proxies instead). Trillions of dollars ....
Another War that we will be funding for dacades costing trillions of dollars. We had just gotten out of Afghanistan.
Well if these MINES can help Ukraine 🇺🇦 more power to them

When Trump takes office with his cabinet of CIRCUS PEANUTS… lord help us all.
I wouldn't want to be a "battery tester"....
https://youtu.be/96amSJj11QY
Ana bought out by the Russians
Yak yak yak yak boom.
Ya know if it gets us peace and stops WW3 i'd be ok with turing Joe over to the Russia's
6:07 The short range missile can’t carry nukes??? The cruise missiles and ballistic missiles they have been firing since the start of the war can carry them. Please do some basic research.
Warmongers!🤦‍♂️🖕
F@ck Ukraine, Joe needs to go ASAP before he starts something Trump can't fix
This is a very American POV. But I don't think Zelenski will be intimidated by Trump. He knows exactly what Trump's like (by which I mean, completely unreliable and unpredictable). I would hope that he is trying to get closer ties to Europe because it's actually Europe that is in most danger if Ukraine falls. I think if we don't stop Putin, he will be like Trump - encouraged. I'm in UK, so I'm not particularly worried (Rule Britannia). But if I was in Eastern Europe, I'd be very worried.
Ana is so hot 🥵
What a bunch of clowns these people are. The only thing wrong Biden is doing is that he should have done this two years ago. TYT do you think Russia is playing nice with international rules? Fuck no! Get a clue, those international treaties only work if both sides follow them, and Russia never has. You can't win a war by being on the morally superior side. Russia will never nuke Ukraine without a direct threat being made towards him. He knows that it will escalate the war into a full blown conflict with Europe and he knows that China is deeply against the use of nukes and might pull all support from Russia. Stop thinking you can play nice with Russia.
ana ❤
I would urge President Putin not to start firing nukes at the U.S. because from the things I've heard there's A LOT of support for him among The People now...
Can I just underline something here, people? You are all too much focused on what the Puppeteer wants you to focus on. If you're going from a clear example of a war of current dynamics at play, it would be a nation of desperation versus the entitlement of one person. Do you really think that if the man were to have the support that Ukraine has combined from one thing—to be a nation and avoid falling into the hands of Russia—you would have a three-year war like you have now?

There is no reason why Russia needs to be desperate. It's the biggest country there is, so it's only entitlement from a selfish one, seeking to rule all, versus something that is actually wanting to have a little bit of land to be a nation that everybody agrees upon in that nation.

He cannot win the war because he has not had the people behind him from the start. Do you really think people are willing to die just because they are at the mercy of their own leader? If that's the case, for what reason would they die? So he can get a little bit more land out of it? They may have been sitting by with conflicted thoughts, but they were not yet so much influenced because the war was taking place on the other side.

But do you really think that if Russia is threatening others with "I will nuke you" or "I will destroy your country," that he is not also putting his own population at risk? Threatening someone else's nation inherently means threatening your own.

Remember, he cannot even get his own people, or even his soldiers, to fully align with his motivations. Don't be fooled by him or his rhetoric. He might say, "Oh yes, I will destroy you," but if there was really a red line and he was truly suicidal, what difference would it make now for him to push the button? He doesn't do that because ambitious people are not suicidal.

They are driven by anything else but suicidal thoughts. They want to rule, they want to be feared, they want to control. And if you are stepping out of life with everybody else, it’s not even unique—people need to exist to feel fear. You need existence to acknowledge your satisfaction of being feared and of control.

There is no way he is going to have any leverage. It's only about coming across as though we wouldn’t be here otherwise.

Think about this: if you are a country that thinks it has everything under control, why would you need to control your people's viewpoints? This means the opposite—he doesn’t have control. That’s why he is so desperate to prevent the real narrative and reality from reaching them. If they get to see the truth, they won’t align or stand behind their so-called "big leader."

Why would you need to control what others see? You would only need to trust that what you believe, they also believe. That is true control—when you don’t need to control the outer world coming inward to reveal what's really happening.

Don’t be fooled. Support Ukraine, and never, ever join the side of letting him win with a bluff that is absolutely nothing more than a bluff
😂😂😂
It's ironic that Leftists claim to be Anti-Fascist and anti-Imperialist, yet they support Ukraine, a nation that idolizes WW2 Nazi collabators and NATO, the biggest imperialist force on Earth.
Go Biden!!
the claim that russia doesnt use the same type of mine with a mechanism for self-destruct or rendering inert is false btw.
though they also use old mines that don't have that, same as ukraine does.
btw ukraine is part of the ottawa treaty.
the us is actively helping ukraine to break international law.
First, what the hell is that title? "DANGEROUS About-Face"?

Second, stop taking Russia's side in this. Land Mines are a purely defensive weapon and there is zero justification for banning them against an opponent waging an offensive war.
Seriously, stop trying to handcuff Ukraine while it's fighting against and expansionist superpower, which US promised to protect it from.
All I can say is thank God he’s only got a few more weeks with power because these decisions are seemingly getting more reckless.
Russia only increases its army and efforts to gain military superiority, constantly and especially this fall

8:23 Yes exactly, but aren't mines mostly used to defend the territory?

And how do you know Russia isn't bluffing? Are you telling us Russia is going to fight 'more better' now ??
And people wonder why voters turned away from the Dems? It's not about Trump being awful as an individual... it's about the larger more systemic problem within the establishment being insidiously corrupt and dangerous for decades. Trump might be a mental illness for the collective consciousness, but right now more people are concerned with the cancer they have realised is ingrained in the US system that will kill the host faster. So as a life long leftie, I get it... I get why people voted against the Dems. In terms of Ukraine, it was a long-term goal going back decades. This was never Putin's war, the US set the sights on Ukraine and usurping Russia as Europe's supplier of energy YEARS ago and now Biden is trying to leave an impossible mess for Trump so that he doesn't undermine the deeps states goal and that its interests are forced to go forward. If you can't see that you are blind.
We are not a signatory on the mine treaty neither is Ukraine and Russia have used them since the beginning it’s Ukraines land and it’s already full of mines and they said they want them . This isn’t an escalation Anna the Russian shill
We are not a signatory on the mine treaty neither is Ukraine and Russia have used them since the beginning it’s Ukraines land and it’s already full of mines and they said they want them . This isn’t an escalation Anna the Russian shill
Biden is going to clean this up? Yeah ok.
Ukraine fired 12 atackams and wounded a NK general. What did we get in return? a terrifying display of nuclear capability.. all this for what?
Russia won’t use a nuke trump is coming into power and Putin won’t risk pissing him off by proxy pissjng America off and China and India who all said don’t use a nuke . This was an escalation because Russia took North Korean soldiers to Kursk to fight Ukraine and Russia uses missiles and drones from Iran and North Korea . Iran get weapons from Russia and send them to Hezbola to fight Israel . Ukraine are the strongest army in Europe right now like what is going on if we just helped them by not rising aid by blocking it whatever they are a strategic partner and if they fall Europe will be in a bad position and incase you didn’t know they are on our side Russia Iran China North Korea all want to be number one . Do you want them to be in our position what the world will look like then ? Ofcourse not . Stop taking Russias bait . They have lied since the start of this war . They will not nuke Ukraine over this Ukraine can already strike further than HIMARS with drones so the argument is mute
The Biden administration is the worst in history. There's no way I would ever vote Democrat they're nuts. Seems like every decision the Democrats make ends bad for the US.
The whole world is so sick of US aggression. Dems should be forever unelectable after this. Party of lies, j-side, and WW3.
Most Americans don’t know anything about foreign affairs because they are either stupid or ignorant.The US has been at war 225 times since it was founded in 1776.invading foreign countries around the world and killing millions of innocent people which war did you ever won since the end of WW2 of course with Allies like Russia,England and France.After that 
you lost in Vietnam,Afghanistan,Iraq and many others.🤮🤮🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Most Americans don’t know anything about foreign affairs because they are either stupid or ignorant.The US has been at war 225 times since it was founded in 1776.invading foreign countries around the world and killing millions of innocent people which war did you ever won since the end of WW2 of course with Allies like Russia,England and France.After that 
you lost in Vietnam,Afghanistan,Iraq and many others.🤮🤮🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Is it any wonder the world is moving on without the U.S.
Why is the US always starting wars in foreign Countries.Since they were founded in 1776 it started 225 wars which one did you have ever won since the end of WW2Lost Vietnam Afghanistan Iraq and on and on it goes.
Are the Russians actually using landmines or is this just another lie to support more of their own vile tactics? I suspect that Russia is not using landmines since landmines are an inhumane way to prevent opponent's advances and I believe that Russia is doing all the advancing so they wouldn't be using them.
Biden is a great President. He also sends a message to the Chinese about Taiwan. Trump, the fake Alpha, is going to  cave like a crap! You know what's going to happen if the West doesn't cave? Not the end of the world but Putin's end , a bullet in the head. Because that's how the Russians deal with these things. Do you really know that the Russians want to die for this old weirdo or for a land? They do all that circus because they feel that we are some weak snowflakes!
no piece of unexpended ordinance is every truly inert. if nothing else these will be repurposed to fight the war for gorilla fighters for years long after the war has officially ended
Biden doesn't want to get slapped around anymore. LEAVE WITH A BANG.
You mean the proxy war between the USA and Russia,because the whole world knows it now.🇺🇸
Obama.
it would be best if you changed your name from Young Turks to Young Russian , Russia is use hypersonic weapon every day on the civilian population,its not an escalation for you.
you are completely wrong, first Trump will not end the war., he has no influence on Putin and Putin will do what Putin wants,If America stops supporting Ukraine Zelensky said recently that they will lose the war.Second Ukraine has right to defend against Russia and they got the right to use mines, Russia is used them every day,
um...there's about   70 did missiles bigger than atacms ...exculate that ladder I reckon
Ukraine is a divided country with a long history with Russia. A big part of the population is pro-Russia but the Ukraine government doesn't care, even took military actions against them since 2014. Ukraine needs to sort out it's own problems before going to a higher level like being part of the NATO.
Jenk, simply pointing out the fact that Russia is the aggressor, and their deliberately being unfair as a way to keep an upper hand in their invasion, but expecting us to continue hindering Ukraine, is not a good method for us, Ukraine, and NATO.
On top of all this, your against Israel too, so I must ask; Why are you against the U.S. so much, yet your comfortable with residing here?
Rumour has it Putin used Potatoes as a counterweight in this experimental missle.
Russia can end this today by leaving Ukraine.

They refuse to leave unless they get something for it.
Worrying about mines in Ukraine is already way to late. The place is probably already the most mined place on earth with the old style forever active Russian mines. Really this is all out WWII style war and the only things not being used so far as we know are chemical and nuclear weapons. Neither side wants to cross that line for obvious reasons. Worrying about escalation is also way to late. This is not a conflict or a military action it's an existential war. You can't expect Ukraine to not to hit valid military targets in Russia using whatever weapons they have. Even if we don't let them use our weapons they are quickly developing their own and those can hit much deeper into Russia.
It is better if Biden/kamala are removed from the government before we get in WWIII.  It is svary to have lunatics in the White House.
Biden just authorized WW3, you still think Democrats are the "lesser evil" ?  You're completely insane if you do!
Right now the Ukrainians need anything and everything because when Trump comes in Jan the war aid from the States will be cut off. Additionally the Russians have internationalised the conflict with foreign mercernaries and North Koreans frankly if the Ukrainians used a million land mines at this point just to further throw Russia and allies into a terrible meat grinder I would be frankly relieved. The price the NATO nations are paying in dollars the Ukrainians are paying in blood and their soverign soil. If Russia gets to win this war may the victory be so pyrrhic so that their demographics are forever destroyed and they cannot wage another ground war for another 20 years. May the opportunity not go unnoticed by China and may China annex Russian land demoralising the nation beyond the point of recovery.
Now this is something worth discussing opinions over when it comes to Ukraine. It’s something I really don’t agree with.
Making it clear that we would and will make Ukraine a peer or near peer force would make Russia think twice. Hand wringing has only helped Russia and prolonged this insanity. 
Singing a nuclear retaliation treaty with Ukraine would evaporate any chance of nukes being used. MAD has worked for more than 70 years..that means it works guys.
Russia can always leave Ukraine - problem solved.
Biden is about to leave the office and he doesn’t hold back anymore
Don’t think so…..
Putin’s army and arsenal of fighting vehicles has been depleted! So he’ll think twice if he tries to invade another country!
And so will China!
Get it over with. Call the clowns bluff.
It seems this will end with a large reduction of the population. It looks like Nostradamus prediction is coming to pass. The war would start with a failed agreement. We have two that has occured. The American and NATO agreement not to surround Russia and the returning Taiwan to China. When you add this stunt a warning " A ballistic missile being used. It could have been nuke tipped. A strong warning.
I thought these disgusting things had been banned they are still digging this crap up from world war one and two you people are such assholes.
Biden lost for a reason...
Biden setting trump up to deal with a war!
No, Putin is escalating, whether you keep up or not.
It seems to me that this war will end with a huge explosion the likes of which the world has never seen.
I don't like mines.  But the Russians are using them prodigiously and there's no way, in my mind, Ukraine should be limited in using them as well.  War sucks.  Russia started this.  Don't forget it.
This is Biden's final f you to his party, America and Trump. The left created him. Now youre mad cuz he's mentally unhinged? What a joke
What does "escalation" mean really? It's a kind of dumb excuse. Escalate. A full assault on a nation, invasion, wide-scale missile attacks, airborne assault, indescriminant bombardment, killing of prisoners, rape, murder, aerial bombardment, naval engagements, and you think a landmine somehow is an "escalation"?? Other than blunting mass infantry assault, how how it turn up and heat? It doesn't. It drives towards stalemate.
Theyre testing the ICBMs now that are meant for us!
Democrats gotta Democrat...smfh🤦🏽‍♂️
Jack we’re dealing with Nazis in Russian fascist World War II is happening and we have them a white supremacist on his way back to the White House that white supremacist is in Putin‘s pockets we dealing with fascism and America and we deal with a mad man with nuclear weapons here at home and over there in Russia, what could go wrong so we need to stop bullshitting ourselves and understand this is it this is the downfall of the United States. It’s gonna be a mushroom cloud because we too dumb to realize That our voters but a mad fool who didn’t give a damn about us when he was in the White House the first time he want to put troops on our soil to control migrants instead of looking at the world and understand America is no longer gonna be part of it. We have a Nazi problem.
If the end of the world, as we know it, we’re dealing with Nazis
I don't see how this is more of an escalation than the authorization to strike within Russia.  Landmines suck, but it is indeed their persistence that makes them so dangerous.  I don't know how much I trust the Pentagon to ensure that the battery life is sufficiently short, but in theory, it's a good mitigation.
Biden is trying to start WWIII.
Ok, so your plan is to allow every nuclear power to do whatever they want? Look in your history books, we are not supporting Ukraine enough.

You are afraid of a nuclear war? Me too, but with this policy the only protection against invasion are nuclear bombs. So when Ukraine looses, and the US withdraw from Europe, you will also give up Taiwan and APAC. And then we will get many new nuclear powers till the end of the decade (including Ukraine, Poland, Iran, Japan, and South Korea; maybe even Germany, Australia, Canada and Mexico). Today, there are 9 and it is hard to control some of them (North Korea, Israel and Russia), what do you think will happen, if there are 20, 30 or 50 countries with nuclear bombs? A lot of countries only declined nuclear weapons because the US protects them (like Ukraine did, they gave their bombs to Russia for a safety guaranty by you and Russia), if you aren not trustworthy anymore, guess what, they will protect themselves, and as you guys are about to proof, only nuclear bombs can do the job.
We shouldn’t be involved in this war. Not our war. Not our problem.
USA weapons are junk the Russians shot down all missiles
what a peacefully transition of power. lmfao. escalate the war that trump is ending soon. last ditch move from dems to try and embarrass themselves.
Biden wants to start WW3
The end of the world
Is senior Biden going send USA troops to Ukraine
5:48 The Short-Range Ballistic Missiles that Russia launches into Ukraine every week CAN definitely carry nuclear weapons. Cenk is so confidently wrong sometimes it's hilarious.
The battery may die, but the explosive charge won't and will be collected by future wannabe terrirists!! 
Well done Joe/Kamala!!
They're NON-persistent mines. You care about Ukrainians civilians? Yeah right. Stop being afraid of Russia.
Old Man gonna press the red button.
We need to stop funding Ukraine. They are not going to win. People keep saying that Ukraine is a democracy but its not and hasn't been. It has a dictator that is only allowing state run media. We need to get all the war mongers out of our government.
Biden is making very dangerous decisions that can lead to WWIII. He is not mentally fit to be president.
How about biden stops sending the weapons at all
One for sure, this giving Russia 🇷🇺 and China 🇨🇳 time enough form Bricks more, kinda this thing happing on the other side of the world 🌎. And the War with Russia , than China 🇨🇳 . Is really going make Russia 🇷🇺 and China 🇨🇳 a new trading bloc.So is there anyone really smart in the White House, cause it won’t change when Trump is in there. More dummies screwing the world 🌎.
Turks keep supporting the Deep State ..You don't see what Biden is doing??
We Turks love Putin and are paid by him. Shame on you.
Biden and Trump share something in common, they are both old. And like starting Wars, let’s see Biden wants World War 3 with Russia 🇷🇺, then when Trump gets back. He will stir the shit 💩 with China 🇨🇳, then off to war china 🇨🇳. Cause can see Trump doing in the pacific somewhere.
I’m so confused why are they letting Biden make decisions?  He can barely wipe his own azz …ughhhhhh😡
At least the landmines expire.  Not certain the Russians will be that virtuous.... sarcasm.
This administration doesn’t know what it’s doing. Should have provided all of these things years ago.
Good!
Whatever Trump touches turns into gold. America is saved with him being our president.❤️
We ain't gonna make it aren't we? Mankind I mean
Gotta love Trump❤️he’s a live saver…. With him back prices are significantly down…stock market is up & booming…..Trump is Ray of sunshine…✊🏻👍🏻🫡
Hi TYT. Please can you read the new educational book called 'The Replacement People of the Bible', and see what the rabbis and priests have been hiding for thousands of years about Prophet Muhammad being prophesied in the Old Testament. Also, how the Muslims got the West out of the Dark Ages, which the Western educational institutions are hiding from people.
oh.
Does TYT want to abandon Ukraine and hand it over to Russia? Cenk and Anna want Ukraine to surrender to avoid escalation. Putin loves you.
Democrats tearing the house down and shitting all over the wallpaper before Trump gets in to make life as difficult as possible for him. The pure evil of risking WWIII just to spite a political opponent
Omg Joe looks like squirrel…. I was always like hmmmm who does he reminds of…come to think of it, he reminds me of squirrel 🤦🏼
So, America is funding the opressor (Israel) on one hand, and funding the oppressed (Ukraine) with the other. Hypocrisy at its finest. The US government has found a way to fight in wars without actually joining them, when its none of their goddamn business!!
If it was up to TYT you would just give up to the Russians. Putin would love you guys.
Joe Biden stop helping Ukrain & bringing their never ending war here at home you fooooool..😡🦶🏻👊
wonder if they did this because trump won
Of course Ukrainians are the victims of unspeakable injustice and our hearts should always be with the people of Ukraine. Ending on the note of we must remember Russia is the one that invaded is the same as when Bill Maher says we must remember Hamas picked this fight. That mentality attempts to put all of the blame on the aggressor of these events but illustrates a picture of that being the beginning. We can not ignore the histories between all these countries and America's role.
Seems like a good time to stop funding proxy wars
Mr. Zelinsky should you decide to take this job beware that these mines will self-destruct in no more than 2 weeks. Should you be captured the US Government will deny any knowledge of the this assignment.
Can wait for squirrel Joe to gets lost….😡🦶🏻
So China threatens Nukes if we don't give them Tawian...Pakistan threatens nukes if they don't get part of indonesia...North Korea threatens unless...etc.  Giving in to nuclear threats is the WORST mistake you can make.   There is already a flood of mines in Ukraine.  They HAVE to win this war people.  VISIT UKRAINE.
Sorry Cenk, you do understand why it is crucial to destroy as much Russian agressive potential as possible but you do not get the Trump's criminal diplomacy quite obvious effects. Late next January, USA will copy paste the 1938 Munchen disastrous agreement Hitler-Mussolini- Chamberlain-Daladier. Invite any serious historian and he will explain you the picture.
Now to be frank, I am done with the White House. Biden just declared that the ICC warrant arrests vs Netanyahou & Galant were "scandalous". President Biden, it is said that old age is a shipwreck. In your case,  it is also a betrayal of American and human values.
Can’t wait for January 20th, whenTrump takes office and kicks Biden’s boney azz out of the White House. And me spitting on my screen at crooked Joe.
An arrest warrant issued for Natemyahu, now 3 more arrest warrants are needed for crooked Joe, shorty zylensky & the Hitler Putin….all war criminals 🦶🏻
And I told my wife this would happen....and she didn't believe me.   I didn't vote because I knew Trump would win, anyway.  I'm not a Trump fan but people like Biden and Harris are, basically, tools of The Pentagon and the war machine.   To keep Ukraine sovereign we should risk WWIII?   Why - just why?   To help them build a fake democracy like the one we have?  This shit is insanity.
Between Ukraine and Israel Joe made the Democrat's unelectable
every viewer should be reminded that cenk & ana both are imperialist pigs and pro genocide. they opposing ANY assistant to ukraine from america from day one. 

btw ukraine using atacms for months already in russia from russian point of view. crimea and other regions of ukraine has been declared as russian by russia, they are taking hits from atacms & shtorm shadows over the year and no response or escalation :D
The Young Tankies 😂
Wouldn't worry about President Biden, when you have a criminal dictator about to wreck the USA
So tyt are ok with ww3. Wow
TYT supports Dictator Putin War of Aggression.
But wouldn't the missiles be considered "offensive" and the land mines be "defensive"?
poo-tin threatens nuclear war about once every few weeks. russia could end this tomorrow by withdrawing from Ukraine. Why do we never hear about the many things russia has done to escalate?
How come nobody mentions the anti-personnel ordnance against the marching Korean feet invading Ukraine.?
Biden wants this to escalate.
Aliens will never let us destroy their planet.  Vlad knows that.
Ana, ATACMS is an acronym: Army Tactical Missile System
So, kinder and gentler anti-personnel mines?
How do you end the war without escalation first?
Putin hasn't set FOOT on Nato territory, so he's not crazy... or stupid!
He won't drop any nukes.
Biden and Blinkin has gone crazy
Ukraine has the right to defend itself just like Israel does. Speaking as a layperson, how is what we're giving Ukraine different than what we've been giving Israel except, of course, Ukraine is actually using them to defend itself and not to decimate unarmed women and children?
Desperate times call for desperate measures. Remember Russia is the cause for all this. Ukraine is not attacking Russia, other than 
Kursk but that’s a different topic, Ukraine is responding to attacks from Russia
Land Mines are up there with the most evil diabolical inventions ever created by humans!
I don't like it, I love it - go get em Ukraine!
On January 20, 2024 Ukraine will be cut off so there is nothing for Zelenskkky to do but make peace. This war was winding down.. Ol Pops Biden's attempt at escalation is evil.
America has been expecting Ukraine to fight with one hand tied behind its back, while Russia has been hitting Ukraine with everything its got. Either you want Ukraine to win or you don't.  If you want Ukraine to be successful then stop holding back vital weapons.  There's no such thing as a safe war.  The ballistic missle launch by Russia is a sign that Russia is scared, and that its desperate to intimidate the west.
It doesn’t matter. Trump is going to be in office soon and the war will be over! Poof!
I am soooooo exhausted with American tax dollars funding endless wars! 
Let's spend it on the American people that lost everything in the floods, hurricanes, wild fires or border security???
Biden obviously wants to hand off a messy situation for Trump to deal with. It gives Ukraine a chance to stockpile these weapons between now and January before Trump takes over and cuts aid to Ukraine off entirely in favor of his buddy Putin. I'm sure Biden will also pass off knowledge how Ukraine can build their own after Trump cuts off aid. Biden is most likely also establishing a network of private funding to Ukraine by big players so Ukraine can continue to cause pain for Putin after Biden has left office regardless of Trump cutting them off. It makes things difficult for Trump. He won't be able to give his buddy Putin the upper hand in the fight like he'd like to do. I think Biden should find many ways to bog down Trump before he leaves office. Leave Trump all kinds of messes to have to deal with. Keep Trump off balance.
If Palestine had the same capabilities as Ukraine, I'm sure Cenk would say the Palestinians have every right to use everything in their arsenal to push back against the invading aggressors.
But when it comes to Ukraine it's appeasement. The U.S. isn't the one escalating anything, it's the actions of Putin's escalation that the U.S. is responding too.
I agree with you guys (TYT) on almost 90% of the time on your "domestic" policies, but on this particular foreign issue you guys seem to be on Putin propaganda payroll.
Small missiles aren't nuclear? You may wish to look into the M28/M29 Davy Crockett Weapon System.
This needs to stop now war crimes the children and woman die enough of these crimes it's it our war ! Stop giving them miltary hardware and weapons America tax payers cant afford to pay for it Money for war not the poor dam
This would be a good time for incoming president trump to scare the hell out of zelensky, just tell him to stop or else face harsher consequenses once he gets into power.
Ahh once again you are not reporting the whole story. Ukraine started the war by trying to join  NATO. That was a agreement from the cold war. Ukraine was never to join it. But Biden and his cronies wanted this and all you voted him in so he could
Doesn’t matter what their rationale is!! It’s all feeding the war and destruction !!! Shame
One of the standing principles of NATO/OTAN is that anywhere the mines exist, the organization will clear the devices if asked.
I'm giving Biden the benefit of the doubt since he has access to full intelligence data. In addition, his "policy" may have always included the change to allowing Ukraine to use the missiles on facilities in Russia proper.
He is so pissed off that Donald Trump won that he is starting World War 3 unbelievable if a war totally breaks out and Donald Trump is President he will be a wartime president and if by some miracle he gets them to stop fighting he will go down as one of the greatest presidents ever Biden really screwed the pooch
Biden has been TOO cautious and has tied Ukraine's hands behind their backs while Russia murders their people. Maybe some of you ANTIS could go there and take a shovel to help bury the dead! Cenk wants to walk both sides of the argument. I am going off these TYT people.
Democrats wanna start a war with Russia so they can call off the election, a bunch of cases…this channel will figure it all out.
Let’s not all forget that part of Ukraine wanted to leave and become a part of Russia. I don’t like that NATO a warmonger group of people are putting everyone else’s lives in danger for their pockets.
RS-26 Rubezh is a ballistic missile of medium range, which is normally designed to carry nuclear warhead. It was developed by the Moscow Institute of Thermal Engineering as part of the Avangard program. It was created on the basis of the RS-24 Yars. Information about this mobile missile system, like its rocket, is completely classified.

The RS-26 reportedly has a starting weight of about 40-50 tons and is capable of delivering 4 separate combat units at a distance of 2,000 to 6,000 kilometers. Its warhead is three times larger than the Iskander’s warhead. Accordingly, it is much more powerful.

It has an advanced protection against the missile defense system and reportedly four individual thermonuclear warheads with a capacity of 150-300 kilotons each. No foreign air defense system is reportedly able to intercept it.

The Rubezh missile is aimed at carrying out nuclear strikes but in apparently in today’s attack the combat units were equipped with metal blanks. The published footage drone Dnipro shows the kinetic effect of the use of such ammunition. It is possible that the rocket was equipped with a Avangard-R hypersonic glider.


The footage also shows that the launched rocket had 6 combat units with 6 warheads in each. It is possible that the Russian military used its secret RS-27 or Yars missiles of the same type.

After today’s strikes, the world will not be the same. Showing its advanced missile systems in action, Russia has demonstrated that it possesses unique missile technologies and is ready to use them effectively. In the event of the transformation of the conflict in Ukraine into a full-scale war with NATO, such complexes can already be used with standard nuclear ammunition.

The exact number of missiles of this type in service with the Russian military is secret. According to open sources, the Russian Federation possesses at least 200 RS-26 Rubezh and PC-24 Yars missiles, which is more than enough to deal series of devastating blows on its enemies.

Russia responded to escalation. Now the ball is in Western court. The further steps are yet to come but it is clear that the provocations, including strikes with Western cruise missiles on Russian critical military, transport and energy infrastructure will be paid at too high price.
TyT is looking to get some of the money tencent media was getting
Democratic party has become the party of NeoCons. They use to be the party of Anti-War. What happend?
Further escalation, Russia has used these since day 1. All that has to happen for this war to end is Russia to go home. We need to be united. I don't want cluster munitions or mines or war. Russia has used other nuclear capable missiles already. We need to Stand with Ukraine and not spread all this fear. Biden should have given all these weapons sooner. It's sad its all terrible but criticise Russia or slow action by Biden. You guys are off on all this.
If Russia allied with Mexico and put nukes and troops on the US border what would the US do? Nothing?
Here at TYT the viewer is suggested that all countries in the world except the BRICS countries must fall to their knees and lose their territorial integrity because Russia is a nuclear power. And if the dictator Putin doesn't get what he wants, there will be a nuclear holocaust, and TYT will claim that it is Putin's given right to do this because Russia is only defending itself.
Sick and tired of TYT's cheerleading the Kremlin's imperialism
anyone who says they're worried about WW3 is a useful idiot helping the Russians. STAND WITH UKRAINE.
Of course some of the "short" range missiles can carry nukes. lol These people are so incompetent.
Thankfully the adults are still in charge to take everyone into WWIII..
They trying to speed run ww3 in the last months in office 😂
The RS-26 Rubezh ballistic missile was reportedly launched from the Kapustin Yar test site in Astrakhan Oblast. The flight time to the target located about 800 kilometers away is estimated to be less than 5 minutes. The speed of the combat units at the final stage of the flight was about 5-7 kilometers per second.

The RS-26 Rubezh is a ballistic missile of medium range, which is normally designed to carry nuclear warhead. It was developed by the Moscow Institute of Thermal Engineering as part of the Avangard program. It was created on the basis of the RS-24 Yars. Information about this mobile missile system, like its rocket, is completely classified.

The RS-26 reportedly has a starting weight of about 40-50 tons and is capable of delivering 4 separate combat units at a distance of 2,000 to 6,000 kilometers. Its warhead is three times larger than the Iskander’s warhead. Accordingly, it is much more powerful.

It has an advanced protection against the missile defense system and reportedly four individual thermonuclear warheads with a capacity of 150-300 kilotons each. No foreign air defense system is reportedly able to intercept it.

The Rubezh missile is aimed at carrying out nuclear strikes but in apparently in today’s attack the combat units were equipped with metal blanks. The published footage drone Dnipro shows the kinetic effect of the use of such ammunition. It is possible that the rocket was equipped with a Avangard-R hypersonic glider.


The footage also shows that the launched rocket had 6 combat units with 6 warheads in each. It is possible that the Russian military used its secret RS-27 or Yars missiles of the same type.

After today’s strikes, the world will not be the same. Showing its advanced missile systems in action, Russia has demonstrated that it possesses unique missile technologies and is ready to use them effectively. In the event of the transformation of the conflict in Ukraine into a full-scale war with NATO, such complexes can already be used with standard nuclear ammunition.

The exact number of missiles of this type in service with the Russian military is secret. According to open sources, the Russian Federation possesses at least 200 RS-26 Rubezh and PC-24 Yars missiles, which is more than enough to deal series of devastating blows on its enemies.

Russia responded to escalation. Now the ball is in Western court. The further steps are yet to come but it is clear that the provocations, including strikes with Western cruise missiles on Russian critical military, transport and energy infrastructure will be paid at too high price.
i'm so sick of their take here on ukraine. if ukraine falls, THAT is the true start of world war III. Putin will go for the baltics next, and poland afterwards. And he will use their resources in an endless war to reconstitute russia's empire. We need to stop him now. It is so cowardly and so desperate. The chance of nuclear war increases, does not decrease in the case that putin wins here.

And they aren't going to start a nuclear war now, just because a lame duck president gave ukraine a way to decimate the russian army so it is physically incapable of going on the offense or bombing their cities. Doing this may just buy ukraine enough time to wait out the trump presidency. 

We have to stay strong here. Russia's attack on ukraine is an attempt to turn the european continent authoritarian - to cower democracy into submission there. Given that the US is heading into an authoritarian nightmare is all the more reason to save it so that in a decade or so, it can revive.
Did I miss something. A week ago putting was claiming he was ready to talk. Why is nato ramping up before talking. 

It's almost like the globalist socialist movement in the West is following through with lowering the population.  For climate. 

Or was i misled on the putin being ready to talk
I don't believe that Biden did all this in his sleep... Someone else is pulling the strings
Just give them what they need and don’t restrict anything. Noe Putin has more reasons to stay in power.  These half measures creates more political ammunition for Putin to pound his chest. Russians is not holding back.
Biden to Trump: analyze this!
Biden is becoming increasingly reckless on the Ukraine front
Biden and Bibi are war criminals
Remember when TYT said it was gonna be Trump getting us into WW3 😆😆😆
Playing with fire? Bible prophecy is just running its course.
so whoever makes these mines needed a payday before the new administration comes in and they got it today. This seems more about industrial economics than anything else.
Be at it may. TYT you are playing with stupidity.
Russia showed its Doom’s Day weapon in action. The RS-26 Rubezh ballistic missile was reportedly launched from the Kapustin Yar test site in Astrakhan Oblast. The flight time to the target located about 800 kilometers away is estimated to be less than 5 minutes. The speed of the combat units at the final stage of the flight was about 5-7 kilometers per second.

The RS-26 Rubezh is a ballistic missile of medium range, which is normally designed to carry nuclear warhead. It was developed by the Moscow Institute of Thermal Engineering as part of the Avangard program. It was created on the basis of the RS-24 Yars. Information about this mobile missile system, like its rocket, is completely classified.

The RS-26 reportedly has a starting weight of about 40-50 tons and is capable of delivering 4 separate combat units at a distance of 2,000 to 6,000 kilometers. Its warhead is three times larger than the Iskander’s warhead. Accordingly, it is much more powerful.

It has an advanced protection against the missile defense system and reportedly four individual thermonuclear warheads with a capacity of 150-300 kilotons each. No foreign air defense system is reportedly able to intercept it.

The Rubezh missile is aimed at carrying out nuclear strikes but in apparently in today’s attack the combat units were equipped with metal blanks. The published footage drone Dnipro shows the kinetic effect of the use of such ammunition. It is possible that the rocket was equipped with a Avangard-R hypersonic glider.


The footage also shows that the launched rocket had 6 combat units with 6 warheads in each. It is possible that the Russian military used its secret RS-27 or Yars missiles of the same type.

After today’s strikes, the world will not be the same. Showing its advanced missile systems in action, Russia has demonstrated that it possesses unique missile technologies and is ready to use them effectively. In the event of the transformation of the conflict in Ukraine into a full-scale war with NATO, such complexes can already be used with standard nuclear ammunition.

The exact number of missiles of this type in service with the Russian military is secret. According to open sources, the Russian Federation possesses at least 200 RS-26 Rubezh and PC-24 Yars missiles, which is more than enough to deal series of devastating blows on its enemies.

Russia responded to escalation. Now the ball is in Western court. The further steps are yet to come but it is clear that the provocations, including strikes with Western cruise missiles on Russian critical military, transport and energy infrastructure will be paid at too high price.
¿Wasn’t Biden in “control”? too bad he didn’t noticed before and ¿aren’t the progress and commies going to protest?
Bidens handlers  Deep State is playing w all of our lives.
What Cenk is saying is bull, Russia has fired many nuclear capable missiles in this war already, such as Kinzhals. Big ballistic missiles are an escalation, because they are typically ONLY used to carry nuclear warheads.
The irony here is that the corrupt corporate media and their Democrat puppets were the ones telling us that Donald Trump was going to get us into a World War; and it’s actually senile Joe Biden, the Biden administration, and the corporate Democrats who are about to get us into a World War. It’s hilarious how anyone can believe these people. Our country is so F’ed in butt 😂
When it's too late to turn back, go forward full steam. Go JOE!
Afraid of being outflanked by the likes of Aaron Mate and Glenn Greenwald is a bad look. Especially when their take is pure isolationist pro-russian trash.
Ukraine has 600,000 KIAs and a million dead civilians. For what?
Guys, I did NOT vote for Trump; he's a domestic threat to our Republic, and in that regard, we are in the relative calm before the domestic storm in this transition period before the clock strikes midnight in America at Noon, Jan 20th.  But let me say, Jan 20th cannot come quick enough to get Biden and his team out of there.  They have repeatedly gambled America's existential existence.  Why?  Because that old man is being erratic and dangerous on an international level that could become existential for America over a distant war that has nothing to do with our national defense.  He lost to Trump (he would have, and his VP did), his Middle East policy is a moral and legal disaster, and he's going out of office with Russia still holding 19% of Ukrainian Territory.  His long range attacms decision reeks of desperation, knowing Trump is going to reverse course on Ukraine.  Frankly, I have no problem with that.  And his doubling down on Israel's obvious war crimes in Gaza, which his Administration enabled, cannot but tarnish his Administration for all time!   I'm no psychologist, but we need that man to be carefully watched until he's out of there.  I consider these latest decisions emotional and stupid.  He strikes me as erratic.  And I don't feel America is safe on an international level until Biden is out of power.
Biden trying to kick off the big one, Zero mandate.
If Zelenskkky escalates this he is a dead man.
When did we start saying let countries invade other countries. Like when did that become a thing? I just hope that if the US ever gets invaded that we deny all help from other countries, we wouldn't want them to escalate the war by helping up
The one and only problem is Putin
On the contrary this is the perfect moment to escalate, if putin believes as cenk does that he will have favorable terms with Trump it would be stupid to jeopardize it with crazy stuff, he has to hold two months somehow and Ukraine can do basically anything without fearing escalation
Biden loves death. He just won't die.
It's amazing how many brain dead leftoids have swallowed the red bait after years of "Russia" conditioning. The leftoids are now the war mongers arguing in favor of the military industrial complex and intelligence agencies.
The reason behind the move is the big offensive push by Putin in order to better his bargaining position when Trump takes over. Trump already put the bar high by saying Putin will not be allowed to keep any part of Ukraine.
Where are the progressive’s marching in the streets ? Where is the phony  Bernie Sanders not banging on his Senate desk exposing Biden and his war loving party ?
Putin is a coward. He won’t do sh9t 🤷‍♂️
The Ukrainian people were better off with a diplomatic solution than with the military support of the USA and NATO. There would be a solution if they tried, but instead they started a military conflict that they never could win. Which was not a problem according to Biden, he just wanted to weaken Russia. They did not weaken Russia, and they will lose the war. That is why Biden wants to start world war three.
It's not a rocket. It's an ICBM. That's the one that can kill all of us forever. Let's not get it twisted, that's the only further escalation.
Biden should’ve done this a while ago don’t tell me Russia can do whatever to people and Ukraine can’t do anything back. You are a weirdo if you believe that or Putin’s 40th nuclear threat
How is He Making ANY Decisions For Our Country???
Russia use for evil,
America use for the great good.

Load of 💩
Peace agreements they originally had were prevented. So many unnecessary dead people.
Trump needs to give a national address tomorrow and demand Biden stop this demented nonsense.
Hey Cenk aren't you happy Trump is going to end this war? The Dems love war don't they Cenk?
would love to see you two "talkers" in a war situation, no food, no water, 24/7 fear, freezing, no shelter, wet. And on top of it all not being able to defend yourself properly!
This reminds me of the last day the last hours the last minutes of world war I were the commanders wanted to keep on fighting until the last second
It is maniacal to risk thermonuclear war over a shiity piece of territory in Ukraine. Make piece, and have Zelenskkky resume his real career, playing piano with his dick at a gay Miami nightclub, accompanied by a transvestite.
I've always despised TYT, that is until  recently when Ana has appeared to go full frontal reality... no more politics keep it real.
I blame every fool who has voted for any democrat.
TYT is naive. ATACMS are NOT an escalation and Putin admitted that. Don't fall for the Russian propaganda.
4:15 ironica you're claiming Russia escalated when it's Ukraine and the US going for long range missile strikes. Hmmmmm definitely couldn't be that warmonger Biden escalating, no no, right tyt? Shills.
Are the Russians escalating or the americans who dared to fire missles on russian soil?Stop talking crap!Because you know exactly that without american involvement the Ukrainians are not able to fire such missles.
Russia notified the US ( White House briefing ) that they were firing this weapon, because there is no defence against it.
Not wrong, you pretty well have it in a nutshell.
As though Putin would escalate to nukes now when his man in the US is inaugurated in under 60 days
Russia has been shooting missiles at hospitals. Let Ukraine fight without their hands tied. Lord knows we're letting Israel.
Have to disagree that the Russians are the aggressors. This war began not in Feb. of 22 but with the coup we helped sponsor in 2014 and the attacks on Russian speaking people after that in Donetsk, Lugansk and Odessa with attacks on union members and other civilians. There were attempts at a negotiated settlement several times but the west never held to it. But pushed for the Ukrainians to fight to the last man. This is a proxy war of the US and NATO to try to destabilize and weaken Russia. If the US stopped sending arms this could be solved in negotiations.
We need these things at the US boarder
I voted for Trump 3x the only reason I started watching you guys is because of Ana. Thanks Ana for being able to disagree and be reasonable at the same time. I hope others follow your lead
Th EU will not let Russia win even without US military support.  The EU and UK combined has a far greater economy and bigger military budget than Russia
First Morning Joe, now TYT. Might have to stay with Medias Touch News       Sad I was a paying member.
War between America and Russia not Ukraine
Why can't the Biden administration admit that they're never going to win the war with Ukraine. That was known from the start. Biden said then that he just wanted to weaken Russia. That never happened. Russia is stronger than ever and is closer to China because of this war. Ukraine is destroyed and will suffer more, thanks to Biden's stupid decisions. Then they will still LOSE the war. So many people will die because of this. Why is an idiot like Biden still in office making these kinds of stupid decisions?
Lame duck D…. Is desperate.. its obvious Ukraine will lose
Is this channel favor Russia or ukraine..😮
I swear half these comments are bots. The thought that this many people are this dumb, and spend all their spare time commenting on channels they don’t even like, is incomprehensible.
Wouldn't it be cheaper to have a boxing match between Biden and Putin? Winner wins the war.
Putin’s all bluffing.

Playing poker.

Has been doing since the day of invasion.
Why are Democrats such hateful warmongers? They are the worst. That's a fact.
Ana and people shut up! What escalation? It has been almost 3 years of escalation in Ukraine where rasha throws rockets, bombs on Ukraine. Where is your evil international court? You people are devilish, allowing Ukrainian nation be killed on mass scale.
This is good , Ukraine has a right to defend themselves. 💯 Soon, Trump will try to force Ukraine to surrender to his buddy Putin, so this is their last chance to fight for freedom. 💯 Once Trump lets Putin take Ukraine, WW3 will start when Putin tries to invade the rest of Eastern Europe. 💯This is going to be a nightmare...💯💯💯
TyT are scares pusses
The US is the number one villain in the utter destruction of the nation of Ukraine. Our only interest was the military industrial complex and the coerced sale of their nation's farmland. Their population is decimated. We used them for financial gain and now they have nothing. It's shameful
As this conflict was winding down to a peace settlement Deep State puppet Ol Pops Biden escalates it. This is pure evil.
Biden wants to escalate and start World War III before Trump gets back in office. He even increased his open border policy. This is just pathetic. They don't care if the whole world goes down along with them.
So since people don't understand what they're doing with that. 's I'm gonna explain very simply he's doing. This is going to continue to do this until Trump gets into office and Trump has 1 or 2 things. Continue to do it or back down like the little b**** boy. He is which he will do and he will make America look weak. So Biden is forcing Trump's hand to show Americans that he's just a big old fat loser who's a weak little b****  But maybe i'm wrong
A man with dementia is expanding the war.  Why can't democratic party stop him?
Ukraine 🇺🇦

The Democrats favorite welfare queen.
I am so scared. The incoming administration will have unlimited and unchecked power. They all believe in Armageddon and the end of the world. God help us.
Sank you make a lot of sense. But, America started the Ukraine WAR!!!!!!!!!!!
The Russians planted 100,000s of land mines in farm fields and villages all over Ukraine starting day one 2022. Their are teams of mine sweepers, lead by American veteran volunteers, who have been removing 100s of mines per day for the past 2 years.
Eh. Biden escalates, Trump castrates Ukraine and suddenly Russia will mow them down in 2025. This isnt Biden or Trump policy anymore, its American policy, moving in perfect synchronization.
The US and Israel deny the Armenian genocide.
Biden is showing Putin how weak he is. Crushing his economy and military without even trying. He will keep his foot on Putin's neck to show him the USA is in control not Putin
Give Ukraine everything we've got. Russia has to get used to the idea that they'll lose the occupation. If we bend to the threats of escalation, we've lost our minds.
Good.
The Democrats have officially become the party of war. How times have changed. The Democrats of yesteryear are gone
I imagine he has Liz Cheney whispering in his ear, like that evil guy in Lord of the Rings
Anna, you don't believe Armenians should defend themselves.
Joe warmonger Biden
does anyone still believe sleepy Joe is still running the show
Biden killed the Democratic Party
Remember when Democrats were freaking out over George Bush in Iraq?

Democrats are 100% controlled by deep state,military industrial complex, corporate America, AND an old man who thinks we beat Medicare. 😂😂😂
This should be labeled, TYT helps elect Trump & assist the IDF.
The reason is that the Ukrainians have invented a way to attach them to drones.
Jake Broe definitely has a good opinion.
War Pig Biden
Nato was going to park missiles on the border with Russia, after they signed agreements with Russia to never do so.  It's OUR fault that this is where we are!! Russia warned and warned that if that agreement was broken it would be war. Oh but wait ..there is 95 trillion in natural resources in Russia that our country wants. Get a clue people!
Tell me Biden is bitter without telling me he is bitter.
ICBM cannot be defeated by missile defense systems.
Russia's Kinsel and Iiskunder  are nuclear capable
But Russian have been using Iranian drones and now N.Korean infantry... and that's OK right?
More TYT Putin Shilling...I think Ana and Cenk have the worst foreign policy coverage on the left. If anything they sound like pro putin grifters from the far right would sound
The escalation looks bad but I'm not fooled into thinking it won't be bad for Ukraine when Trump takes office...its those impeachment trials that come to mind. Hey everybody why do you think Putin is training N.Korean soldiers???? Ground troops??? This will prolly make it worse but was it going to be good anyways??
Good !!!
Inviting north Korea into this war itself is an escalation.
Putin is escalating and doing it all on his own.

As a reminder, the West has rendered Ukraine defenseless, left it defenseless and has been starving it for 3 years. See the Budapest Memorandum. So that's what security guarantees from Russia and the USA look like. You continue to fall for Putin's missile shows. Putin: I have no tanks, no artillery, no healthy soldiers anymore, but I have missiles, lots of missiles... just shut up now!

But it seems to me that Putin is right, the West is cowardly, morally broken and has even allowed itself to be voluntarily disintegrated for years. Iran is already exploring how many more Jews it can kill.
Going to be a fun program once you report on the fake "Soverign Ukranian Democratic State", being extinguished from the World map and being carved up and shared between Russia, Poland , Hungary , Romania AND potentially Belarus and Moldova lol
TYT is spreading misinformation on Ukraine. Watch youtuber Jake Broe for a different view. Russia can't be allowed to just invade other countries, kill everyone and steal their land and assets. There is never any "peace" with Russia. They can be defeated.
Dangerous for Russia - YES! 😂
Remember.... Progressives endorsed war
TYT is good for US but is useless for international… further escalation is not possible. Putin does not want him or his family to die.
Fun fact:
Ukraine is a SIGNATORY to the OTTOWA treaty, banning member signatory countries using land mines.

Russia and USA, amongt others are NOT a signatory members.
Cenk are you saying that it’s Ok for Putin to takeover ukrain?
I'm often in agreement with Ana and Cenk but I couldn't disagree more with their take on the Ukraine war.  All of this concern about escalation is bs.  All of this pushing for peace talks is bs.  If you were being murdered on the subway would you try not to escalate?  Would you try to negotiate for peace?  Or would you fight for your life?  Ukraine is being murdered by Russia.  It's time to fight.
Very selfish creatures,  Russia wants to beat without being hit because they have nuclear weapons! Very Very sad
Very intelligent ambassador 😂
Poor interview. Who can arrest Putin. Keep dreaming
I mean, honestly, who would believe anything what UK news reporters and the news agencies will actually say about any affairs in the world? Total BS. They are the one we’re trying to provoke Russia to war and now they’re kind of surprised I mean what a ridiculous reporter and a whole UK politics and foreign affairs are, just a joke.
Why Russia never said about Russia, UK,, USA proteded as guaranted Ukraine . Russia using Iran weapons, using china weapons, and using North Korea military to fght for Russia Russia think that is ok and Russia keep saying will use nuclear weapons to the West to win the war and nothing wrong but the West always wrong why?
The way his  asking the question is like he is blaming everything on Russia 🤦🏻
The UK government are lunatics
hhahahaahhaa, hilarious interviewer.
never seen this interviewer but if there ever will be a Nobel prize for the worst interviewer, he won with a mile
Difference of nuclear power countries are/is based on assurance to deter / avoid direct confrontation that would/may lead to nuclear war. 

That is what Russian Ambassador implies here. This journalist is typical of  a trans
BRICS are scaring the Britts
The interviewer is wrong
Russia has not stated using nuclear
But NATO HAS THREATENED ESCALATION
AND UK BLOCKED PEACE DEAL
NORTH KOREAN NOT USED
Why bring rent boy Kier into the discussion he is more rentable than Boris.
Why is UK , its really English parlament so eager to step into WAR ? To provoke another WAR  using NATO …just wait , when was it not comfortable for them to get out of the E U  ? because they were not to be used  so ! Fast out of the messy politics declared BREXIT ….CLEVER !  Very clever strategy !!!!!  If they can’t lead JUST QUIT  !
what an arrogant skynewser ... why am I surprised?
Rusza should bot allow itself to be provoked
who talks about "landing missiles" is an idiot.
Uk pm has payrolled from biden and zelensky? 😂🤣😂
qu'est-ce que c'est ce jounaliste à la con (rhétorique), Andrei vous êtes un des trésors de votre nation
Он прав
Yes, Russia is attacking Ukraine because NATO is at its borders, Russia didn’t attack small Britain but now it could
As most western interviewers this one also thinks he is a judge when interviewing Russian politicians. Always  shows how much those interviewers are shallow.
We have been from day one otherwise this conflict would be over
Не существует никакого преступления, никакой жестокости, никакой мерзости, которую может вообразить человеческий разум, но которую русские не совершили, не совершают и не совершят, если Путину и его преступным сторонникам будет позволено продолжать...
The British are still not calming down, their ambitions are still the same as during the colonial era. Perhaps this escalation will lead to the collapse of their imperial ambitions, as it happened with Sweden and Prussia when they set their sights on Russia.
We should be helping Russia, an UN Security Council Member, not the Biden corrupted Ukrainian government.
In 2014, the US CIA and NATO agencies playing and meddling with the corrupted Ukraine government. 
That's why Russia now, meddles with our election.
Imagine Russia and China in Cuba, for good this time?
We wouldn't like that. 
So please stop spreading false information.  Tell the 2 stories,  not one.
Disband nato now !!!
HES  CORRECT 100% russia is a superpower
It's not an interview at all. The interviewer keeps saying the same mantra without listening to answers.
And now there is weird drones coming into our raf spaces we all know who that is! 🤦‍♀️
wow I knew the brit media were some works!!! not as idiot and smelly as this crap
Smirking presenter got put down efficiently by the Russian. Nerve wracking stuff.
Who voted on this war ?
PROPAGANDA
Zelensky needs to be held accountable for escalating a war that the majority of Americans don't agree with.  Zelensky continues to undermine the new U.S elected president Donald Trump.  Zelensky should not get away from escalating tensions at a crucial moment when the new U.S. government its in transition.  We Americans are going to pay with our lives because of the idiot of zelensky that thinks he can win a war with Russia.  Russia has not unleashed its power in a full scale war. If zelensky want his country to be flatten then don't drag the rest of the world with him. Zelensky means nothing to the American people leave us out of your business we don't want to pay for their war ambitions.
Uk is in war with Rusia
The Russians should  do us all a favour and Oreshznik Sky News. Very hostile interviewer - nothing wrong with asking probing questions - but he's far too partisan.
This journalist is rude. He interrupts every line.😊
The UK skynews reporter is an idiot trying to clear UK's stormshadow attack on Russia.
Gosh why my country😢
They talk about Nkorans but yesterday a british soldier was captured in Kursk!
He does not comprehend how on earth it is possible that Russia refuse to listen to the tiny Great Britain... Does England really think they could win this war ? They are even afraid to send troops. It shows how scared they are.... Small heroes. Russian are real men.
Amen.
Trousers are full?!😮 such a weaon, no need nuke! Even no need to detonate, just kinetic energy cause such a damage, than 100s of atacams!😮😮😮
West f@cd up Ukr.  Promised to support, forced to fight and give them just enough to survive,😮 ah, even not that much!😮
WTF, I can't believe our government is so reckless, oh wait, yes I can
Satan & the British government are equal, like twin brothers
Bone head is asking what is the problem if UK supply missiles. UK is digging its own grave by escalating the conflict. It is waste of time to have any discussion with SKY news. Can not make sense with these bone heads. Brain washed.
Not now UK involved from the beginning.
who really cares what Russia says. They're serial liars.
And so witk North Korea since they put boots in Ukrainian battle fields.
I dont want to hear anymore the man questioning is biased bye
This is nothing more to come 💥
Stupid interviewer/reporter! Is this the Sky News propaganda arm??
Britain committing suicide. 🥴
Britain is "accused" as if there was any doubt at all that Britain did provide the weapons and gave 'permission' for the use of them against Russia - with of course the aid of American targeting. 

The interviewer launches straight into the topic of Russia's missile attack on Ukraine, surprising the Russian Ambassador who expected to be asked about his comments regarding the role of Britain in the Ukrainian attack on Russia - but anything will do to distract or ''muddy the water' regarding Britain's role - which is of course extremely embarrassing. Britain was involved in an act of war that they had been specifically warned not to engage in because it would be regarded as a declaration of a state of war existing between Britain and Russia. They did it and they can't deny it or distance themselves from that. Nothing Putin now decides to do in response can be described as unprovoked - a word most favoured by the media.

"Russia has been firing cruise missiles into Ukrainian cities since the beginning of the war." Not true. Ukraine has independently carried out several drone and missile attacks on Russia, particularly Moscow. True.   But both of these statements are about events that had nothing to do with the direct involvement of the UK and the USA in missile attacks made on Russia - the major escalation which was supposed to be the topic of the interview.

I could not watch more of this interview after 2.30min. The question "was the interviewer stupid or evil?" remains hanging.
LOL
LOL
LOL

Am surprised the host was able to keep a straight face while asking these questions.
This is exactly the kind of imaginary narrative that allowed Russia to win so far.

But hey ... keep up the delusion !!!
Russia is losing.
Any day now the AFU will take back their territory. Just wait a few more days. (Wink wink).
So Russia is losing ... European economy will bounce back starting tomorrow ... Lets not forget that Putin has cancer and will be dropping dead by end of the week ... let me think what else .... ummmm .... oh yeah ... lets not forget WMDs in Iraq and Talibaan is totally not in power in Afghanistan.

P.S. - Banana Wars.

Keep up the delusion guys !!!
Reality is for losers.
Brit trying hard to hide its economic downfall by these kind of issues..
The absurdity that these US regime led stooges think that only they can do what they want and like, that only they can set the rules of what others can and cannot do, is way over the top.
He’s not telling no lies
Interview😂
ALL NATO IS INVOLVED TO THE EVIL RUZZIA!
I'll have to read a summary because I can't deal with the Russian guy' s stuttering and uh, uh , uh as well as the blabbering dimwit interrupting him.
25.11.2024
Larry Wilkerson: DEAD SILENCE Falls Over The West After Putin's Powerful Slap! Netanyahu In TROUBLE - available on YT
Scurrilous interviewers -- but what else could we expect?
Its not just missiles anymore is it though...
Since as "ex" soldier has just been captured in Russian territory. 
(Edit- sorry i meant North Koreon)😂😉
24.11.2024
Richard Wolff: The End of US Empire. Russia DESTROYS NATO Sanctions. Rise of China & BRICS - available on YT

Economist Richard Wolff breaks down how Russia crushed NATO Sanctions, accelerating the collapse of the U.S. Empire amid China and BRICS rise. Discover the global shifts reshaping the balance of power and what it means for the economic and geopolitical future of our world. 
Richard Wolff is Professor Emeritus of Economics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and a visiting professor at The New School, where he works on economics in the Marxist tradition.
F
How much in military, ammunition, financial aid has been sent to Ukraine from UK, France, Germany USA en Nato, maybe 100s of billions in US dollars value, but it's difficult to help third world countries with financially ailing economies en developmental infrus infrastructures: ds just shows how these developed states behave like vampires,cannibals, mosquitoes,predators  or Draculas
Nov 25, 2024
In a dramatic turn of events, retired US General Michael Flynn launches a bold campaign to remove President Biden from office, citing unprecedented national security risks. 
Flynn's controversial intervention centers on Biden's decision to authorize Ukraine's use of long-range ATACMS missiles, arguing this could potentially trigger World War III. Exposing what he claims are critical foreign policy miscalculations, Flynn urges constitutional mechanisms to challenge presidential authority. 
With tensions escalating between global powers, this explosive development challenges the current administration's military strategy and raises urgent questions about international conflict management. Drawing from his complex political history, Flynn's intervention represents a significant political statement that could reshape national security discourse.
USA, UK, France en NATO are the ones dat poke Russia on its face, if Russia had  build military bases in Mexico, how could dey react, dey expect Kremlin to give a blind eye en deaf ear to their hegemony en reckless demands, policies en interests
none of the people in the UK want this! Starmer stop playing with people's lives
UK, USA , France, Germany en Nato preach of democracy, justice, peace which dey actually don know of or rather not practice
I think UK, USA direct involvement in Russia - Ukraine war is very wrong, instead of curbing it from spreading or quelling down the fire, they are rather poring petrol onto the fire, peace, happiness, justice, equality, respect can't be achieved ds way
Money is produced just like any commodity and therefore it is a commodity with immense power. Witnessing its effects in the mob of innocent people. Worse still it will always be the karma inside our existence
Narc
Starmer has now brought uk into direct war with russia. When millions die in uk let Starmer accept responsibility.
"Will the West allow Russia to win this war?" Is the biggest give awày on who started this war. This journalist is one more in the list who would not listen and would impose their preconceived notions on the person he is interviewing. West forgets that they were the first to and they only nations in the world to have used nuclear bombs in human history. Now they cannot come as holier than thou and tell Russia what to do. UK is a tiny nation and without sucking the blood of its former colonies it is becoming insignificant everyday. It is now the biggest American base in Europe and not particularly in the European Union. Fact is that West promised that it will not move an inch of the unification of Germany es is allowed. Russia conceded that hoping that wests behaviours would change now that there was no ideological divide. But western greed has no end. It's imperialist desires after expanding NATO eastwards is to take it to Russia's door steps. What happened when Cuba decided to station Russian nukes in Havana? How did US react? What would happen if Russia started expanding it's influence in Mexico? It is clear without NATO personnel, and satellites Ukraine would be unable to use long range missiles against Russia. The question is, why is the mighty west fighting a proxy war against Russia? Why can't they leave the Russians alone. The answer is that they don't have the guts to take on Russia. They are like the downtown bullies who can't fight a strong person and then team together to beat him up to take over his possessions. Wish President Trump could take over the oval office today itself, only then there would be peace.
He can't answer why they've ben striking Ukrainian towns .... hypocrite
It's the USA that promised Ukraine will join NATO to provoke Russia
This interrogator wants a nuke
Western journalism is for idiots?
The UK is pure evil! Sky is a garbage propaganda site!!
He should be  able to explain the  British that when they use longrange British  and American weapons, the British and American satellite surveillance (which Ukraine don'tpocess) has to be used to fire these weapons which makes them directly involved. It was the Nato who is moving military  infrastructure towards the  Russian border.
میگن مردها خوششون نمیاد زنها ازشون سوال کنند .. مردها با مردها راحت ترند محاسبه کنند
Ukraine is on the brink of collapse. Trump wants to end this war. It's the neocons wanting to escalate to World War III. It's better to listen to what the Russians have to say.
If Ukraine had only stayed neutral…Putin wouldn’t have had to wipe them out.  Sad that that giggling idiot from Sky News is still so ignorant.
This ambassador don't know how to talk
such a waste of time ... they will fade with ignorance .. cannot accept reality w/c is their own making
No threat promises I believe.
They have been there for a long time. Go after there leadership
Britain should be hold responsible for being instrumental in bringing this about. 

At a key moment britain deliberatley interfered and made the negotiations go sideways now 1 million people are dead. 

Maybe Britain needs to elect better leader and rid it self of their whole establishment, which doesnt seem to care much for them anyway. 

I find myself getting increasingly pissed of at particularly british media n politicians saying the dumbest things. 
Perhaps Putin will give them a much needed wake up call soon.
Uk need to fix their own damn country.
Nato expansions started this cruel war by NATO!!!!
Uk to be targeted? Since UK WMD were used into Russia!!!
So so so , now we know ..uk are involved in the fighting and killing ????
Is that Mike Graham? He is also the Russian Ambassador?
This man doesn't answer any of the question
Russia need to stop
Nato is responsible for russia invading ukraine
It was USA who overthrew a legitimate government in Ukraine. It was USA who developed CIA bases in Ukraine. It was USA who tricked Russia into signing the Minsk accords. It was USA using England to derail peace talks. And that buffoon has the balls to tell us Russia is the bad guy here.
This interview is a very biased and accusatory and blaming in nature. That should not be allowed.
Nato expansion ...caused this  ordered by US neocons....why is the UK involved in this? who gave them authority?.... nobody.... taxpayers money not theirs
Play chess baby it's good pass time
The interviewer just doesn't seem to  get the gravity of the situation
Putin the only one remained consistent western interviewers can't interview without skwirming knowing its hypocritical and contradictive history and plan in present
Oh my God cant believe the ego of skyjews
Wow skynews forcing Russia to make its self and only aggressor propaganda knows know bounds
When a man gives another man a gun to murder both men are guilty of the crime. It's in British laws and I expect Russia becasue its com on sense. So about these missles
This bloke is a total melt.
I use to have a lot more respect many years ago for journalist Mark Austin and others on western news Mark Austin been with itv news for long time but lost respect for him and others like him as they mislead public a lot there only telling one side to lie and escalate conflicts and misery everywhere around globe same as other parts of world live in misery a true decent quality journalist to me is someone like the late award winning former itv TV journalist John pilger who sadly died a year ago and other heroes like him
This not news. 😂
This Russian ambassador looks like that independent Republic of Mike Graham takktv Tory radio prsenter just looks 80 percent like Mike Graham on talk radio now talktv
So many wars and outright evil for several centuries of time has come from a small group of people that control England and the Western world.  Russia knows all about them as do millions of other people.  Only the clueless are still being fooled by their propaganda.
Wow, the Russian embassador is highly intelligent.
We are all going to suffer the consequences if biden and Starmer keep poking the bear.
So what are they gonna do? They will do nothing.
Sky News has forgotten history.
Cowardly involved, as usual.
Am i celebrating christmas this year or not?
Interviewer gaslighting to the nth degree...
Please - confirm my propaganda - im begging...
Trash
Oh my goodness, it is the Falling Sky Propaganda Media Bullshit.
This guy should be fired he can't speak for Russia
British missles need British data and  US satellite information to be able to fly to target. Thats why Russia considers it a direct attack on their sovereignty.
This foreign Minister should insist in Speaking Russian. This colonial language is worlds biggest problem.
No starmer is directly involved and we will gladly extradite him.
Btw ? Now Russia talk about not respecting treates?  What a joke... !
North Korean Troops? Can we  see some evidence?
Mind games... Russia is pretending to be stupid, when will the uk gov say something sensible.  Following the moves of Biden was already a stupid move. Also  I don't see Russia journalists in Russia questioning anyone from the UK.  Sky News is being played and know it, anything for ratings is worth it. Potentially making things worse. The media will cause a war eventually, the UK initially set this situation in motion.  Should have arranged for Boris and this Ambassador to be the same room.
It's a well known fact that Britain, Canada n Australia are not merely puppets of the US but are already part of the Yankee empire n all important foreign policies are not decided in London, Ottawa n Canberra but in Washington DC.
Make no mistake about this
The British guy is just provoking him without listening. He is like from an American movie. Their actions are responses to the actions of the GB/US governments that makes wars across the planet the last 200 years.
What a prat ..... laughable ..... bit upset me thinks
Shame on the west
That ambassador is a complete numpty, and won't answer certain questions,
Compliments,  Mr Andrei Kelin!
The Brits have never understood that the UK is no longer an Empire, that it's only a normal country among other normal countries. They seem to think that India, Africa, Australia, Canada, the US, New Zealand are still theirs. Britannia rules the waves! In the case of Ukraine the British hypocrisy is all the more disturbing because it was them who, toghether with the US, attacked Iraq in an illegal war, causing hunderts of thousands of dead, with no other reason than their belief that the Near East and indeed the rest of the world is still theirs. There is so much poverty in the UK, but their successive governments know nothing better than to play Empire, which is utterly pathetic, considering that the UK today is nothing but an US colony.
These people do nothing but ask loaded questions with propoganda inserted. They basically lie as they ask the question. The truth is that Russia would have never attacked Ukraine if the US wasn't so determined to arm them and bring them into Nato. What russia is accomplishing is keeping weapons off their border. It's pretty simple.
GOD BLESS PRINCE WILLIAM AND FAMILY!!❤❤❤
Imagine the crater he will make when the ambassador is thrown out of a window...
Absolute Rubbish Russia invaded Ukraine, FACTS Ukraine was first overthrown by a USA and NATO led military coup in 2014, so Ukraine is a military dictatorship and lost its independence, Then Attacked the Russian Separatists for over 8 years, The Russian Separatists Declared independence from Ukraine, This is recognized in International Law, Russia then went to assist them with  a special military operation, All the fighting in Ukraine is within Russian Provinces which have always belong to the Russian Cultured People, The west twists the TRUTH so much to try and suit themselves
the interviewer always changes the subject about mercenaries and the coup  in 2014.
The interviewer's intention is to deny the existence of NATO's escalation of the conflict. I think it is a futile attempt.
Legally, Russia could attack the soil of the United Kingdom
This shows the lame stream media is staffed by biased morons..
The UK is obliged to defend Ukraine and Russia not to attack according to the Budapest Memorandum signed by both parties. 

Thus Russia broke the agreement by attacking and the UK by not defending against the Russian attack.
URAAA!!!
UK IS CREAZY
Repeating "attacked cities". Should Russia attack rivers?
sky news...what a bullshit
This guy, its laughable listening to this. Does he himself even believe his own words? 😂
UK is seeking for self destruction. It is fatal if mot suicidal  to be a vassal of the US.
UK media is to blamed for spreading Putin's threat and false information from Russian ambassador. Why not interviewing Lord Lebedev? Gawd damned!
Ambassador is responsible is replying but the anchor is ill feel trying to corner the ambassador. 
Ambassador can say, Yes, Storm Shadow was fired by the UK, but he is not.
Then so is Iran and north Korea
UK media only escalate the tension by giving this interview.
Can u not find someone who doesn’t speak English at all ???????????????
Big congratulations to all the NPC's who voted these nut jobs into Parliament!
I like this guy - smooth operator!
What stupidity Russia involved this interview, totally waste time and make yourself foolish 😂😂😂😂
The people of Russia are behind Putin , laughable.
Anyone who demonstrates against the invastion of Ukraine is imprisoned.  Russia is such a toxix state under the dictatoship of Putin.
The interviewer is not a neutral journalist just a hack for the west
So western civilization is about to come to an end because of a failed politics in which Russia called NATO bluff?
Guys an idiot
Don't call these Invasion "War"  they're War, Weapon's, Land Grab Business 
 Call it what it is.
8:18   it  is when USA started all by overthrowing Ukraine government .and puting its puppet zelensky there.
Is that a responsible thing for Britian....to provide strom shadow missle system to Ukraine to use it against Russia....?!! 
Now watch carefully, how these British media Anchors are turning pale with fear...!! On the otherhand how these British Media people use to use dictatorial language when it comes to be used on weaker advarsaries like Gaza ...Afghanistan (though Taliban is no weak...they taught them proper lesson...in 20 yrs when it comes fighting true brave war on actual battlefield...!!)
 But anyhow not just British Media people...even within homeland Britian ,British use that subtle dominance whereever  they could when it comes dealing in day to day affairs...eg.can be council using that hidden dominance on foreign nationals (popping from 3rd wold) when coming dealing in institutional affairs...they way they whip foreign nationals with their nasty use of law ....law used as weapon on foreigners working in Uk...though very subtle..such institutional whip which  if taken with bit leniancy can be somewhat fair..but at least their global dominance behavior will change & they should BEHAVE in future dealing internationally & domestically
The problem is that those missiles the Ukrainian fired on Russia are not Ukrainian, they are American and UK missiles.
Yeah... ALL IS FAULT OF RUSSIA... Endless NATO Expansion was Fault of Russia... Allowing Ukraine all sorts of weapons but when Russia gets weapons from other countries... It is wrong. What clown hypocrites the west are
This journalist is an idiot
The reporter has one narrative, and the way he doesn't listen and keeps coming back to his own agenda, is annoying, and at this point of the war not serving anyone.
The interviewer is truly horrible.
The Sky intervewer has no idea about anything 
So stupid
Just repeating The sane old carp
So Russia can strike Ukraine with Iranian,chinese weapons  and North Korean troops & weapons but Ukraine cannot use British weapons to defend themselves from the Russian aggressors ?  Right ! got it 🙄
Don't blame the ambassador... He has to follow the orders of Adolf Putin - or else!!!
i wish this russian guy would shut up and let the interviewer explain how bad russia is
What a rude unintelligent reporter this is! His Rusophobia shows all over his face and in every word!!!
Earlier this month, a British man from Gunnislake, Cornwall was killed while fighting for Kiev at an “undisclosed location” less than two months after turning 22, his family reported.

Kiev deployed some of its best-armed and most experienced troops across the northern border in August, hoping to slow down Russian advancements elsewhere on the front line and gain a bargaining chip in future negotiations.

Since then, however, Kiev has not only been losing ground in Donbass at an increasing pace, but has also suffered more than 34,500 casualties and lost hundreds of tanks in Kursk, according to the Russian military.
YouTube does show some crap
When Ukraine gave up their noobs back in 1991 or so the USA and UK said they would help Ukraine defend themselves if they were invaded and Russia agreed not to invade!!
The comments here about the interviewer is absurd,  Meanwhile no one is criticising the absurdity of the russian delicate, pathetic..
There's a lot of Nato troops in Ukraine involved on the front line 😮
Russia has produced the bravest, toughest and best soldiers on the planet, who saved our asses during WW2. So, don't poke the bear.
Relax if Russia missile launch to UK not meant entire uk map out uk military missile launch to Russia troop ship also can go to war
The interviewer got himself cornered about Boris Johnson? 😂
West  started  this war from the beginning surrounding  Russia  borders with it  nato countries breaking their original agreement with their borders West has drawn 1st blood
Thee is no news in the West, there is ONLY PROPAGANDA.
Smart very smart the ambassador is❤
Wait so the UK embassy in Ukraine is closed but the Russian embassy and foreign diplomats are still working in UK ???
The interviewer is so disrespectful and argumentative and is simply trying to spin his own narrative. The ambassador should have shut him down from the start and threatened to end the interview unless he stopped asking accusatory and loaded questions.
Is just me but is the interviewer OK for direct conflict with Russia?
Biased journalism
This is the facts,U K involve Ukraine war. All because of money inside their pocket.
Putin is the one to blame in this war bec he invaded Ukraine. There is no war if Russia did not invade Ukraine. It is not fair if Russia firing their long range missile into Ukraine, while Ukraine cannot fire long range missile into Russia.
Nice interview and very good questions.
Did anyone else catch the ambassador agreeing that this is a war?  He didn't call it a Special Military Operation.  UK , US, and NATO better grab their nuts and hold on for dear life.
Russia is scared now
Hollywood getting ready to make a motion movie about this whole episode 📽️🎬😮
If anyone agrees to the terms that this man is laying out, taking into consideration the fact that Russia is not travelling well , and with a bit more pressure from the West in allowing Ukraine more freedom in the use of its weapons, will soon be in a parlous state close to collapse they would be insane. And Ukraine would surely not accept.
I know nothing. Same lie every time from this lot. They are the aggressors and have got a bloody nerve to complain about anything that Ukraine does to defend themselves.  Stop listening to them and give Ukraine permission to use their weapons any way they want. How would they know what the Russian people think or feel? They murder them if they don't do as they are told. The only irresponsible action that has occurred is Russia invading Ukraine without provocation.
What a lousy manipulative UK interviewer!
This ambassador also speaks with "word salads." Talk about not answering or responding to the FACT that Russia has been using advanced missiles in the Ukraine, the FACT that Russia invaded the Ukraine.  The FACT that Russia has now stooped to using North Korean troops and Iranian weapons.  This guy CAN'T answer questions because he has no answer that could logically refute what this interviewer is so obviously pointing out.  I'd hate to be that ambassador.  He must have been squirming in his pants for this sit down.
Of coures the UK is involved and NATO. All Russia has to do is wait anothet two months and Trump will pull the plugon all of this. Funding to Ukraine will stop and peace settlemet will have to be negotiated..otherwise Russia will take the whole of Ukraine!
russia is protesting against nato encroachment on russian borders. why is nato intent on getting ukrain into nato????? why cant we in australia get things right. what would happen if russia stations missiles in cuba. wont america attack cuba???? why are we so far away from the truth!!!!!!!!!! wake up australia. why dont we let russian speaking people settle their difference. 800 yrs ago kiev was the capital of russia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! what is the wests interests in this region. unless western companies want putin to fall and they want unrestricted access to russias massive natural resources. stay blessed australia.
Omg!! Interviewer is shaken like a puppy dog!!!😂 Russian ambassadors laugh is telling much more than words!!
Tic tac, tic tac...😊
Have they got Khabib? If so just gonna tap out and watch if that’s cool?
The interviewer tried to feed his narrative but backfired and only showed his ignorance. The only thing he said correct is Trump is coming to initiate negotiation but does not believe😂😂😂
God with RISSIA...do not play with RUSSIA
What kind of a stupid comment by the interviewer is, oh is using nuclear weapons an adult thing to do? 

It’s nuclear deterrence for gods sake to prevent mass wars, mass casualties etc 

What a complete fool this person is.
God with RISSIA...do not play with RUSSIA
Russians: "ONLY us can use 3rd party weapons in Ukraine, others cannot use 3rd party weapons in Russia!" :P
Yes..uk direct involve ukrain war but uk should understand about the world war in nuclear
BS and more propaganda.
If it Will not change the outcome why then the Russia is worried abt these missiles??
It's the ambassador who's a fool, he doesn't even believe the crap he's telling himself🙄russians🧌
Exactly looking like a Russian villain in the movies 😂😂😂😂
Russians say a lot of deceptive things, so...
The British Empire has no were to go.They been a declining Empire since. The end ww2.   The Brirish  Empire are like drunken  fools.
Grade 3 interviewer!
Are these UK and AMERICAN STUPID MEDIA are BLIND UKRAINE can't operate these MISSILE SYSTEM only UK and AMERICA TROOPS so they becomes UKRAINIAN SOLDIERS and part of the WAR. if RUSSIA wants this WAR UKRAINE will disappear and destroy  PUTIN and RUSSIA wants to PROTECT the UKRAINIAN PEOPLE if EUROPE wants a WAR with RUSSIA why didn't they DECLARE WAR WITH RUSSIA instead of using these IDIOTS in UKRAINE it's all about MONEY ZELENSKY is now a BILLIONAIRE with most of his FRIENDS and NATO and EUROPEAN UNION POLITICIANS while the  EUROPEAN CIVILIAN ARE SUFFERING
Don't know why always the so_called journalists conduct interviews with their brains between their thigs?
So.......
Russia remains one of the strongest military powers in the world, with a vast active army and advanced military technology. Additionally, as a leading global exporter of oil and natural gas, Russia plays a critical role in maintaining energy stability across Europe and beyond. From a historical perspective, many Russians view the current conflict as a reaction to NATO's eastward expansion, which they perceive as a direct threat to their national security
Your a joke,puppet,the Russian guy has got some class
ABSOLUTE B*LLSH*T.

The UK is no more 'directly' involved in than the Chinese or Iranians or North Koreans. 

USE of this rhetorical flamethrowing is ASININE.
Where is the Troll King?
Does reporter care of what Russia asks for? Why did it start? What was the big problem to start the invasion? Ah.. no! Only that it is not the business of Russia to project safety around and have Ukraine a neutral state, with no NATO presence..
How would the USA react to Mexico and Canada to join the defence alliance with Russia? Cool? Is it their decision?! 😅
Well if we are directly involved its something to be proud of - Putlers aggression needs to be dealt with - this invasion must be stopped and reversed . . .
I WHOULDENT BELIEVE ANYTHING THAT COMES OUT OF A RUSSIANS MOUTH...
The old famour statmemt "I KNOW NOTHING" OF THIS....
Isn't north Korea,  Iran, China involved in Ukraine war ?
The most stupid thing the British could do! Britain is a sitting duck for attack with no missile defense system! What madness!
Slava Ukraini
New way to do news, with clowns and ballerinas merging with "Sesame Street" puppet show. 😂😂😂😂
14:01 😂😂😂😂😂What a clown! Cannot take this guy (interviewer) seriously 😂😂😂😂
13:40 the brass faced interviewer asking "why" after the Ambassador just explained why, is just moronic. 😂😂😂😂
The questioner is obviously biased. He is also unskilled. This passes for journalism.
why russian ambassador talk to such twisted minded reporter that is too biased and no professionalism in journalism. I can see so simple target of this interview. Its to spread Western propagandas because the reporter covered up realities truth with fake news
We need to just walk away from Ukraine
Even Biden said last year that "allowing Ukraine to use Long Range Missiles would provoke a WWIII" now that he lost the elections, with few weeks left, he is provoking WWIII. 🤬🤬🤬
So simple. If 2 person was fighting only, then a third party come in to fight too. So its 2 vs 1. Then later 50 vs 1. Why cant the only 1 person call in others to side him? The 50 guys bullies say the 1 guy cant ask others to help. The 50 bullies say they have the rights of everthing and the 1 guy has no right in anything. The funny thing is the 49 involved said they are not involved!
Sky news pushing the nuclear word down the guys throat, trump said he would stop the war and months before he becomes president they allow USA and UK made missiles to attack escalating the war, clearly they are pushing for a full scale war
It is 100 percent true. The west is warmonger and dangerous for the whole world.
In for a penny, in for a pound.  Let's get this party started!
Johnson told Ukraine if they signed a peace deal they would never be accepted into NATO or given rebuild money.

Russia and Ukraine could have made a deal but UK/USrael want the resources inside Russia and have been attacking Russia for a couple of hundred years using Rothschild funded armies Napoleon, Hitler and now Zelensky.
Terrible interviewer - instead of using your propaganda it would have been great to let the ambassador talk and poke him to get more info. We already know your nonsense war manic attitude
Briths are stuck in the colonial mind set!
Do the 66 Million people in the UK want to be at war with anyone?
So therfore is N Korea
The UK is BALLS DEEP in the Ukraine.
Its FEAR KICKING IN
Its not nice to killing people and they killing back 
Russia is fighting back
Russia has these war mongers shivering in their BOOTS
Illiterate interviewer… Mediocrity must be the order of the day at the workplace.
They said Trump would start world war 3, and yet it's Biden and Starmer doing their utmost to end all chances of peace; just as Bush and Bair invaded Iraq on the lie of WMDs. This axis of evil is imperiling humanity. Either we people will take it down, or it will take us all down.
Putin is fighting dark imperialist forces using Ukraine as a proxy, So we say Viva Putin Viva. Pasi nemhanduuu!
Note how the Sky News clown interrupts the Russian Ambassador at 3:14 when he speaks about the direct involvement of the UK in this conflict - Storm Shadows can't be launched without an assistance of British military specialists programmeing and targeting it to hit  Russian military facilities. Without British military specialists this attack will be impossible. It's a pity that the Ambassador was derailed from this crucial moment, which is not covered by British media. If the British public knows that the government gave an order to MOD to facilitate this attack, there will be public outrage.
So a person who spouts lies for a living still believes his mouth noises mean something?
NATO AND THE EU MUST STOP EVIL PUTIN NOW
Typical western reporter.
Putin is a madman.
British Storn Shadows??
True, weren't they not UK long-range missiles? But there won't be any change at all
Russia is correct. Whole world is with Russia.
The assurances that Ukraine only uses cruise missiles inside Ukraine are just absurd and very telling. Lets hope the Russian people find it in themselves to put the blame where it belongs Putin and stop this madness.
🇷🇺💪💪💪🇷🇺Rusija je Sila
"We have many options!"

- "Olek, go tell those Orcs to go run off the cliff edge!"  😂🤣🤡
Please sign general election petition on goverment page
Vladimir is scary!!      .....Yawn 🥱
No  Bluff.
USA sit back and enjoy make others fight destroy each other why should UK harm itself with something they have nothing to do why missiles don’t land in USA ? They all land on thier depot in other countries but they want the whole world to fight and die and enjoy staying safe and rule
USA sit back and enjoy make others fight destroy each other why should UK harm itself with something they have nothing to do why missiles don’t land in USA ? They all land on thier depot in other countries but they want the whole world to fight and die and enjoy staying safe and rule
UK is beyond insane. Along with USA. Shame on us all for playing with Armageddon.
this journalist is intellectually weak af and doesnt even know it
This putin appologist stops to think for a moment, ruzzia hasn't stopped a single storm shaddow or Scalp missile. And they think that they are the only devices we have? Ha ha ha..... catch this puti
Comedy Ali's russian cousin?
So what?😅😂🤣
Russia opposes the peace foundation of the world treaties. Putin is remarking on the victory of the old world. Soviet Union has not surrendered. For the third time, Russian is a graveyard
This interviewer seems to be emotionally and personally involved.
Also Iran, North Korea  China and Belarus are in Putin's pockets with rockets 🚀🚀
sky news is a disgrace, the russian ambassador is not being questioned, he's being interrogated.
It was America who got Boris Johnson, to stop the Ukraine from signing peace agreement,  because the US ordered him to stop this agreement.  The original agreement was that NATO would not move further into other countries on Russian border. Now the US wants NATO on the Russian border in Ukraine.  America didn't want Russia on their border by entering Cuba.  It was the Democrat presidents who have caused this war. Obama,  Clinton  and Biden want this war for the weapons Industry! Russia wanted a peace! But it was stopped by Boris  Johnson!  They arm the Ukraine with long reaching missiles. What do they expect Russia to do? This media are not telling the truth!
The patience the Russian ambassador must have to answer questions by these journalists who are so biased that don't even try to conceal it. Britain has become the US's absolute vassal. Always happy to join in any venture involving war and yet allowing pensioners in the UK to die of the cold as they cut subsidies for heating.
Lost sound for a bit but the BullSheite sounded the same in complete silence.
I said we've been involved and we do have troops over there and have been for a while. Not our place to get involved honestly.
- Not 1 inch ...East
- If Russia let 15 countries to get Created they .... Why will it ANEX them
- When Russia let Germany unite, Free Poland, Moldova & many Baltic states then ...Why is NATO still there
- Why is NATO ...encircling Russia
- Disputing elections, Encouraging Woke culture, Coups ...are some of the Tactics to take over countries 1 by 1

Ultimate goal 
- Is to divide Russia into multiple countries and control all its resources
- Use China as their factory (do the dirty work, Without Russia China is ...Finished)
- Then ...US (West) can rule over the World for 1000+ years (Neo-colonism) ...where countries are ruled by select Natives, but ALL Profits are Channeled towards WEST

BUT BUT BUT ...GOD has other plans ...RUSSIA & PUTIN are doing GOD's WORK
Therussian ambassador is just a kremlin shill, i couldn't care less what he has to say
We have been from the start they would be done already if it wasn't for the west
And the US has caused ALL of this.
This Sky News interviewer didn't seem to want to talk about the violent coup in 2014 that ousted the president of Ukraine at the time. It looks like they are only concerned about Ukrainian people lives when it is the Russians doing the killing.
Armageddon
What a creepy guy. Quid pro quo
I think the west has a problem with historical context of every situation. They always start from oct 7th and feb 2022.
stop giving weapons to ukraine and dont expect to sit out of conflict
That guy is full of 💩, BS spewing out of his mouth.
He should be sent back to Russia he talks rubbish he’s just the same as Putin hence the words Putins clowns
To many russian loving bots in here
Boris Johnson’s fault !!!!😂
US and UK are provocative around world. they are devil
Reporter  a true 🤡
Nato in an issue for the world.
Thought that was mike Graham then
THIS CLOWNS GRASPING AT STRAWS. RUSSIA IS A BUTCHER AGGRESSION THIS GUYS A PLONKER
Scott Ritter, Col. Douglas Mac Gregor and Stephen maGovern are the  voices of reason, and we are on the brink of nuclear war the will end civilisation if we dont stop now. Biden administration and Stamer in the UK are leading us into a war that no one wins. 

https://youtu.be/vtc4P7dJyCE?si=0XMJuYrLLjhZJ0bN
This man is irrelevant, the kremlin have forgotten that he exists, he knows nothing and just spouts lies and disinformation. Why the msm keeps giving him air time is beyond me.
Stamer needs to stop playing games that he can't win ! He has already lost the confidence and trust of the UK population for his disastrous decisions. He has failed already, and he needs to step down and take all his cabinet with him. The worst PM yet, and that's something to beat considering Sunak held the title, and he was and still is loathed.
Utter madness for UK to bomb Russia. This is a step to far.
I don't care about any disputes between the parties! Ukraine is not part of Britain and is not a member of NATO! Are the British ready to accept 3 gifts from Putin with nuclear warheads?
hey bots give me a cup cake recipe
25 two five
No it is the USA and UK who has invaded Ukraine remember Nulliland
The UK have lost controlof their power structure who knows who is really is in charge .Its looking like massive misjudgment is underway this isnt good.
Russia, Uk and the USA signed rhe Budapest memorandum.  In which they guaranteed help for the abolishment of the ukrainian nuclear weapons and bombers. Now 1 party sees it from a new perspective and ignores it
Soon, no one will watch Sky News, and there properganda
This diplomat should be sent back to Russia, because he’s obnoxious.
Seems this guy have no answer
There will be no invasion if NATO does not expand its membership... there was once an agreement between NATO and the Soviet Union (Russia), the agreement letter is still there
NATO article 5. Putin u dare to bite? LOL
ok,  anything else?
He needs any excuse to enlarge russias already large country.  In war lies are common and they all talk at each other whilst we watch from our normal daily grind.. Big Mac and fries please mr ambassador
This idiot interviewer should be fired
Programmed and fired by uk using western satalites , this is western escalation, the wast is bullshitting everyone
Pretty sure they are
Remember those Storm shadows had to pre programmed… UK messed up
"We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false."  - William J. Casey, CIA Director (1981)
They are playing  with fire, the English, Americans and European union  hypocrites
Comment section unbelievably brainwashed 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Do not be afraid of Russia Putin,  the Russians threat to UK and NATO just to make the World afraid of them.  Russia could not take control of Ukraine and loss a lot of soldiers fighting the Ukrainians.  If the World do not stop KGB strongman Putin then there will not be peace in the World.
He lies all the time
North Korea is in Russia fighting with Russia  against Ukraine 😮
Everyone with a brain knows this is an American proxy war and we need to get out now
Why is it ok for Russia to use Iranian and north Korean weapons but Ukraine can not use the western weapons.  And how does Russia know what weapons the west has to knock down his missiles?
this journalist is not asking questions he is accusing.  Bad journalist
Use of Chinese technology is neither here nor there! I do not know for sure, but this use was something employed because of their long-standing business association. However, the US, with the support of UK, France, and Gemany, has been assisting Ukraine with advanced military weaponry and prolonging this war!!  Putin is simply reminding the aforementioned countries of the international outcome of their direct involvement!!
They will be very sorry 😂
Weak Britain 😂
The American and British want to use Ukraine against Russian as they are using illegal zionist occupation in Palestinians against the Middle East. All the geopolitical gurus knowledgeable of this is silent .
The British,American, and other Western countries think they can still DIVIDE and CONTROL global resources with bombs now.  Before slavery, then treats,then sanctions, then organize nation, ALWAYS LIES, then by the PEN, then by instuations and organizations,  then now by bombs, bombings.  AMERICA, BRITISH, and Other Western nations will not win this one because of nuclear weapons... IF ONLY they know... All their secrets organizations, universities, will come tumbling down, starting with the VATICAN.
The majority of the population in Russia are happy or not concerned by Putin lowering the NUCLEAR threshold.
Russia has a strong excuse.
The difference is that this type of weapons has to be operated and navigated by US and UK, it not a tank or gun Ukrainian solders can operate. This is now official involvement while previously nato started war in Ukraine, lead and financed it while pretending it has nothing to do with it.
UK and Australio belongs fully under US, stooges.
WAE..IS NEVER PRETTY..NEVER GOOD..BUT WARS WILL NEVER END AS LONG AS MAN LIVES ON THIS PLANET..POWER..MONEY AND LAND IS ALWAYS THE REASON..HOW MANY HAVE TO DIE FOR THIS MAN..AND HIS CAUSE..WHY DOES THE PEOPLE OF RUSSIA NOT STOP HIM..WHY DOES THE PEOPLE OF CHINA AND N/KOREA NOT STOP THEM..BECAUSE OF POWER AND FEAR..THEY LIVE UNDER THEIR THUMB..AND ARE WILLING TO DIE FOR THEY BECAUSE THAT IS THEIR GOD.
Russia😂😂😂
Keir Starmer is a fool for risking a counterstrike by Russia.
The interviewer is a typical clueless pom
We are being threatened as we are perceived as the weakest link in NATO , and he’s bloody right ! 
We have become a joke .
And now Russia is threatening us!

The indecision of the wast to provide real and unrestricted support is emboldening Russian ambition. Appeasing the Kremlin is to sacrifice freedom, do we want to suffer the same fate as Ukraine?
Britain is from beginning in Ukraine fighting Russia
War is a racket.
A former woman companion of Vladimir Putin was diagnosed with Syphilis and Genital Herpes. The former companion of Putin, who wants to remain nameless, believes she may have passed on these sexual diseases to Putin, which may explain his erratic behavior the past two years.
Russia has no clue what would happen if they " WIN" this war. They would get WALLED IN SO HART teh cold war would look like  ajoke . MANY DECADES of russian EXCLUSION would follow. NEW Border Walls with extreme security would be put in place just like in the first cold war. which is actually a GOOD THING for WEST EUROPE !! WITH a NEW IRON CURTAIN all the "migrants" woul dhave no chance anymore to get to europe.. just like back in the day..
Russia should let their missiles do the talking, because that’s the language UK can under stand !
Wont take my like
Kremlin can exsept peace by moving back in to Russia
One of the old colonial masters is doing the the tricks again......worst, it is being nose pulled by the new master  now.....
The Russian population dosent have a clue what Putin and the Kremlin are doing in Ukraine.
Even his Ambassador to England dosent have a grasp on the situation in Ukraine.
SKY NEWS WANTS TO CONVERT THIS INTERVIEW INTO A DEBATE.  TRICKS OF THIS NATURE REVEAL THE GUILT FOR BRITISH MILITARY OF ENGLAND TO AVOID THEIR COMPLICITY WITH THEIR AMERICAN MASTERS WHO PUSH THEIR BOTTONS.  I SOMETIMES THINK THAT IF DEMENTED HEAD OF US TELL THE BRITS TO DRINK CIANIDE THAT THE BRITS WOULD SAY "HOW MUCH AND HOW OFTEN, SIR,"  THIS IS HOW YOUR COUNTRY COMES ACROSS.  A MINDLESS, IRRESPONSIBLE UNDERLING OF USA WITH NO MIND OF ITS OWN.
We shouldn't threaten with missiles we all posses. Especially Russia, fighting a country that gave its nuclear power for peace. Russia, US and UK were guarantors in exchange for assurances to respect the Ukrainian independence and sovereignty in 94'.
North Korea is involved too, so?
Spik rabiw.pytin good
he is 100 p c right
Ukraine has no long range missiles to shoot into Russia. British always like to invite Ambassador for interview and play with words and change interview into debate.
Oooo I also think the NATO and any UN  has no more ligaments in the world anymore as well as the human rights these are all puppet
What load of western way of interviewing they will not interview western heads of state and ask the same questions this a western media propaganda  make the other side like bad to justify there means
Starmer has no parliamentary authority to use long range missiles in Russia! He is operating like a dictator and I don’t think he has the ability nor the capacity to be a national leader. 
Typical Western journalism !
These are proprietary weapons long range what would UK say if Afghanistan were given long range missiles and hit the UK?😂
Russian ambassador has more chins than a Chinese telephone directory !!!!
In the word. Only america ones jused nucliar wapens..jou are hypocriet..dos israel have nucliar wapens ???😅😊😮😮😢😢
Russia is directly involving North Korea in that war. Russia hypocrisy has no limit, their lies have no limits either.
Why should we have limits?
The Russian ambassador tells a very unconvincing  true about  our former prime minister Mr. Boris Johnson. This is very true... He stop the Ukrainians to achieve peace with Russia and now we are pretending that this never happened.....How convenient .....
IF HE INTERVIEW MR PUTIN DIRECTLY, HE WOULDN'T HEAR THAT KIND OF INTONATION THEN.... 😅
Whatever ...... bring it on ...... Im tired of this S**t, Russia threatens Nuke Armageddon every week now ..... put up or shut up Putin !
full of lies this interviewer, so its ok for yanks, poms and polls to fight, but Russia cant , dont make me laugh....idiot interviewer
Idot pommy interviewer.... so dumb, do they really want to poke the bear
This guy is reading putins script so he doesn’t swallow dive from balcony
The country were 2 nuclear bombs were dropped Japan is actually  serving USA as colony. Financing USA military bases. Hiprocracy of some country are so funny
Hippocrates Europeans  talking about morality of nuclear war and serving their master USA who actually used two nuclear bombs.
Russian ambassador's Bullshite ... we are winning the war because we are advancing in Donbas ... The Truth ... The Russian army has advanced 30 miles in over two years at a cost of 700.000 dead Russian soldiers. At that rate it would take Russia a thousand years to win the war .... Get real FFS !!!
He talks about Polish mercenaries but fails to mention that Russia is using 10.000 North Korea's, 60.000 murderous prisoners released as cannon fodder, and thousands of murderous units in private armies like Prigozhin's. Russia also has many other mercenaries from a whole spattering of countries including Cuban snipers shown on the Patrick Lancaster Web site recently !!!
This idiot echo's Putin's idiocy .... We can attack Ukraine with impunity but Ukraine is not allowed to defend itself and certainly not allowed to put one foot inside Russia. Madman Putin is using all means possible to escalate but cries like a baby when he gets it back. I really don't know why we are playing games with these murders anymore. Like Hitler, Putin is not going to end the war until we defeat him militarily and the sooner we recognize that the better.
agressive "journalist"...
😂🤣😂😀🤣😂 The Kremlin  clearly could do a comedy show🤦‍♂️
Is Keir Starmer really prepared to sacrifice the lives of tens of millions of the British people for Ukraine?
So much Russian BS
Ye heavens, this government in less than a blink of the eye has given up land, alienated most of the population, had discussions with "Big Business" with the impression that it will link in and sell off more UK assets...and now brought the UK into a nuclear war with Russia...
Boris Johnson stopt the peace treaty being signed. CNN does not seem keen to discuss this fact. 😮
Can't believe how stupid this interviewer really is, his ignorance is truly annoying. Atacms and storm shadow missiles cannot be fired without US an UK personnel involvement.
UK is our (US) Chihuahua
Yep,Russia sure started something when they invaded a nation where over 92% voted forindependencedi.
Sky News is clearly not interested in listening to what the ambassador is saying.  The interviewer is focused on finding fault instead of trying to discover the conditions that will trigger nuclear retaliation.   𝑶𝒏𝒆 𝒘𝒐𝒖𝒍𝒅 𝒕𝒉𝒊𝒏𝒌 𝒕𝒉𝒂𝒕 𝒂𝒗𝒐𝒊𝒅𝒊𝒏𝒈 𝑨𝒓𝒎𝒂𝒈𝒆𝒅𝒅𝒐𝒏 𝒘𝒐𝒖𝒍𝒅 𝒉𝒂𝒗𝒆 𝒂 𝒉𝒊𝒈𝒉𝒆𝒓 𝒑𝒓𝒊𝒐𝒓𝒊𝒕𝒚 𝒊𝒏 𝒉𝒊𝒔 𝒎𝒊𝒏𝒅 𝒕𝒉𝒂𝒏 𝒇𝒐𝒐𝒍𝒊𝒔𝒉 𝒑𝒐𝒔𝒕𝒖𝒓𝒊𝒏𝒈.
Two communists having a conversation.
Britain should be careful that the oil rigs in the north sea arent put out of action then we will see how smug starmer is he is squandering tax payers money on ukraines destruction he has blood on his hands
The attack was thanks to trump. 
So putin should retaliate him
I live in England
How come Russians can bomb anywhere  in Ukraine, but Ukrainians can only bomb areas seized by Russia, not Russian territories?
What a muppet
These storm shadow that never get through, never hit the target! Only end up as debris?????

Why are they bothered if they are so inadequate and infective to hurt Russia???


Oh yeah, that's right, they work well 💪🇺🇦

Britain is about looking out for it's mates, and not about letting the bully get off Scott free.
13:51 classic British not accepting responsibility as grown ups would do
The war will end wen Ukraine stop trying to be part of nato that was the deal
UK people demand no more to Ukraine  no more
NATO AND THE WEST CAUSED THIS WAR AND THE ALWAYS ESCALATE FIRST
Biased Sky!
This “journalist” is a classic western incompetent looking for a gotcha moment.
Putin  cry baby
This interviewer is such a weasel. I couldn't even make it halfway.
These two sides need to be prepared for peace.  Trump will come to power and cut off Zelenskyy to force peace.
No way push russia back out of ukraine territory
Britain forget that it is no more a Empire.
Uk only supplied Ukraine with missiles. Its upto Ukraines troops on how they are used. So no uk not in direct conflict with Russia. Maybe someone should ask him why Russia has north Korea troops on the battlefield.
Nato is bloodthirsty. No doubt.about it that they toyed with Russia to provoke them
Who would have thought doctor evil would have come real 😂
Britain arrogance will lead to its own demise , the empire is sinking
Two brother are fighting and its a family issue.
What is the business for UK into others family issue??
Bristish committed many colonial sins. Apologise for those first.
Shut the hail up! The USA and  its allies has thrown thousands of missiles in Yugoslavia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Vietnam, Syria etc and no one ever strikes them in their territory back. Who made USA, UK, NATO and its allies World police to think they have right to do whatever they want without others checking their actions?
It is about who input in targeting data for these missiles. That is direct involvement by NATO. Unfortunately the Russian ambassador did not communicate that well. That is the difference.
Sure. And China, NK and Iran are also directly involved? (Well, NK actuall is)
What a sad and pathetic figure the Russian ambassador makes.
Budapest Memorandum: "2. The Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the United States of America reaffirm their obligation to refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Ukraine, and that none of their weapons will ever be used against Ukraine except in self-defense or otherwise in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations." Russia has not respected what it had signed.
Terrible Interviewer!

Smart Interviewee!
Budapest Memorandum: "4. The Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the United States of America reaffirm their commitment to seek immediate United Nations Security Council action to provide assistance to Ukraine, as a non-nuclear-weapon state party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, if Ukraine should become a victim of an act of aggression or an object of a threat of aggression in which nuclear weapons are used." So, UK is acting accordingly to the Memorandum, and Russia is not respecting it.
Budapest Memorandum: " 1. The Russian Federation, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the United States of America reaffirm their commitment to Ukraine, in accordance with the principles of the CSCE Final Act, to respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of Ukraine."
Mark is clearly out of his depth here, none of his points landing home, but rather all of them refuted by the ambassador.
Lets pretend US  led NATO hasn't been threatening Russia for decades
Of course Russians support this Special Operation...if they do not, they go to prison. Can't trust anything either side says, but especially Russians.
UK and USA have always been directly involved in 19th Century Zionism killing since 1948. AIPAC Trump describes the Ukraine as the most corrupt country in the world. Trump's all Zionist.
WAW HAT HAPPEN NOW
Remember Mi6 instigated the 2014 coup to topple the Ukraine government and install the puppet fascist regimes who then started ethnic cleansing of east ukraine which was the trigger for this whole mess.
Also Russia & Korea governments have security pacts and are allowed to legally have the Korean observers in Kursk as it is Russia, its no different to yanks in england
this reporter is an idiot. He is asking to know whether the west will allow Russia to win the war! LMFAO
As much as I detest Putin and the Russian siloviky, they still have a large arsenal of Rocket Forces and have a paranoid concern for NATO in Ukraine after US involvement in toppling a Ukrainian government twice. Thanks Obama and H. Clinton for that. This war was avoidable but wanted by US neocons, and it must stop ASAP.
NATO and the west has been involved in Ukraine way before the war in Ukraine started
How many times has NATO and the west has lied to Russia and others. Look at the Minsk agreement for example
What about when uk and usa invaded iraq on a monstrous pack of lies???
Russia is looking for a multipolar and inclusive world. And USA with his westerns European colonial looking the opposite, a continuation of injustice Unipolar systems that destroy and killed millions of innocent civilians everywhere. The whole world knows that Russia is defending its sovereignty
This guy is an absolute joke, talk about twisting around, good God I'm not listening to any more of his dribble
Die Briten sind verrückt. Was wollen sie, was ist ihr Ziel?
This jerk that's defending Russia keeps double talking and backing up
sort Britain out first gobsh... and let a real man sort the USA out too. Russia was our ally in ww2 with 25m dead show some f respect, idiot. NATO, the US military establishment and all the warmongers have caused this fiasco; to be fed this bs by a supposedly respected news agency is downright degrading. No wonder the bbc has lost all credibility off-shore so now Sky has taken the global role. Cancel your subscription and learn some true history instead
British arrogance 101.
Where does Russia find these germs?
Truth is, we could all end up dead soon. What a waste of a beautiful planet.
Londres es la cabeza de la bestia guerrerista contra Rusia, ellos son los que han querido invadir Rusia desde tiempos inmemorables,(ANTERIORMENTE UTILIZARON A TURQUIA Y ALEMANIA) pues ELLOS, no tienen los recursos naturales de los que Rusia es poseedora; y ahora estan usando a los ESTADOS UNIDOS(COMO LO HACE ISRAEL, CONTRA IRAN) para que vayan a la guerra por ellos.
Why are these pathetic leaders playing games with civilians lives absolutely disgraceful
Direct questions full of facts and common sense. Great questioning of the so called weak, lying, arrogant Russian ambassador. Listening to this man's answers is sickening.
Such an ambassador of a "big" country avoiding strong and direct questions that an elementary school pupil could easily respond to! Shame!
A slave of Putin
Singing the song of his Boss Putin
he has to say that, he sounds like lavrov
this russian guys was done after explaining how russian basically invade ukraine only with UK promise to not use western weapons on the territory of russia :D So they were ready to play only when they was sure, nobody will strike back. What a sticky smell i noticed here. This whole country is one broken crap
Great, just fricken great.
Russia does not like people to fight back...they think they can do whatever they like...well NO they cant
Does your storm shadow missiles need to be programmed by your people?  Earth to the UK, this isn't 1914, your ship sailed.
That sky news reporter is very rude, angry and not well- informed.  Lots of prop a ganda da.
Just watch Mark Felton’s very recent assessment of the UKs state Of preparadence to fight any war…..scary……..
What a biased interview!
Some Flute
I wonder if Sky News realizes how petulant and childish its reporter appears in this video?
Directly involved means "UK hitting/attacking Russia from its territory ! This is indirectly involvement ! But,the failure of UK is while being an UNSC permanant Member,siding alongside a criminal Nation that killed People of Russian origin living on its ground ! Attacked Russian security and claiming ground from Russian territory ! UNSC have been build to uphold Law and Justice among the UN's. But,as we witness they are siding with a criminal Nations .in Addition , Russia is an UNSC permanant Member Nation,too.
Isn't it remarkable that, Russians are  responsible leaders, the United States and its Western allies have been instigating the government change in Ukraine since 2014, leading to ongoing chaos and the deaths of over 14,000 Russian-speaking civilians. The claim that the United States cares about Ukrainians is questionable, given their actions, such as involving the UK Prime Minister in peace agreements in Turkey at that time  no Ukrainian soldier casualties or city destruction. The use of specific weapons, which require satellite guidance and programming by the West and the US, indicates a level of involvement beyond simply supplying arms. This suggests a deeper entanglement in the conflict with Russia.
This medium is so propagandistic. Just evil.
USA:  yeah, they did it 👉they told us to do everything…👉
Shut up and listen.
The not so great Briton has been in from the beginning. What is wrong with the interviewer?
Did Japan use nuclear weapons against any other country?🤔
What is a Special Military Operation???
This English commentator is an idiot and he is extremely biased.
Looks like russian ambassador eats his stress away. He gets chubbier with each interview.
Fake & slanted Brit media
The west are criminals
A journalist who suffers from the disease of Russophobia will ask His Excellency the Ambassador of Russia questions without any rational basis... Forgetting that his country is more concerned with Ukraine than with his own country... Russia should now remove its diplomats from England...
As always uk is responsible in any war in planet
He forgot to mention Germany’s involvement in
The  tv moderator obviously don’t understand what the problem is. His questions shows typical British arrogance. Yes, the Brits are fully responsible for disaster in Ukraine!
Didn't Russia annex the entire Eastern oblasts of Ukraine?!? So Ukraine has been using them on "Russia" for ages now (IF anything they say is to be taken seriously). Besides, any invaded country has the right to take the fight back onto the territory of the aggressor, unlike the aggressor (who has no right to bring in other countries like NK to help them when they pathetically fail in their war of aggression). In addition, the Ambassador is contradicting old Vladolf, who has openly admitted the revolution in Ukraine had nothing to do with this blatant act of imperialism.
Russia is right  and Sky News is wrong.
IF UK soldiers deploy UK weapons on Russia, then such is indeed an act of war from one nation against another nation..... The whole world knows how stupid the different UK goverments have been in the last two decades... And the whole world (that is not the west. Meaning 88% of the world) does know how much the UK is involved into this self created proxy war...

Thus UK citizens can expect some fireworks, if UK soldiers operating on Ukrainian soil shoot of more missiles...  I wonder if Stalmer or whatever his name is, did prepare the UK people for the consequences of his actions ?
When Putin sent his ambassador home to Russia, and he closed the Russian Embassy down, that's when we should start worrying.
All things being fair and with Russia saying that the UK is directly involved due to military material being used in Russia, then clearly Iran, China and North Korea are directly involved due to their military, or duel use material being used on the side of Russia in Ukraine.
Zelensky is the dictator of Ukraine
sky news fake news
Unlike russia which has been directly involved right from the start...
He means Iran, North Korea, and China directly involved ?!🤔
Poor old Andre, he's doing his best.............
Just like the insurance is that Russia gave that they would never attack Ukraine😅
What benefits does O.T.A.N. have by supplying arms of any kind to Ukrain? What is the point of concentrating O.T.A.N. troops near the borders of Russian Federation, for the last decades? Isn't O.T.A.N. supposed to be a defensive force? It clearly is not, crossing the borders of Ukrain, and even inside the R.F.
Russia is crying that no one is holding Ukraines arms locked on its back any more. Now can Ukraine finally hit back....and Russia goes ynk, ynk, ynk, ynk, ynk, ynk, ynk, ynk,
Pathetic!
And Russia is still going to surprise everyone. Who new about the new weapon? . The best thing is not to support Ukraine but to help find truse.
The Crown is the source of this idiocy. USA and UK should not have stolen Ukraine in 2014
Call out the western leaders on their illegal act
So, we can have peace when Ukraine hands over Ukrainian territory to an aggressor? Yeah, like, on what planet does pol pot pootin live?
UK and USA 🇺🇸 wants this war by expense of Ukraine 🇺🇦 people’s simple fact
Then UK should not F around to find out
I got about half way through this video before the sheer chutzpah and idiocy of the interviewer compelled me to shut it off.
These people are insane, switxh off msm
Interviewer is a total goof, trying to word-smith and talk their way out of a nuclear war.  What Chutzpah.  These clowns have brought doom to their people 1,000s of times in history; this time they're trying to bring everyone else down with them.
The interviewer is appallingly biased and utterly impartial. It’s clear attempt to escalate the narrative to a nuclear level with no attempt to even look at a path to de-escalate conflict and prevent more needless lives being lost. The Russian guy at least appeared to not have his sole aim to be destruction of the other side at any cost. Evil.sky should be ashamed.
Nato expansion, British missiles. Our idiot leaders would inflict war, famine and global destruction on us all! Not in my name!
The sky reporter wants to teach the russian government how they have to judge the Situation😖
This is dangerous to play the teacher without knowing the facts.
The interviewer is wrong on everything. He tries to make the viewers of this video believed that it is Russia which escalates the war. That interviewer is disgusting, he is a dirty propagandist of the current MP following the globalist Imposed on him by the WEF.
There is a treaty, signed by Russia, that Russia will not attack Ukraine and, if they do, the allied forces will defend Ukraine. Sorry, why is Russia crying now? Time to ramp up pressure on Putin! Stick or twist Putin?!?!
Props to the interviewer. At 2 mins I would have stood up, packed my things, and left the studio.
Glad needs to be stopped and stopped now are we going to ignore the lessons of the past call him out 😊
It will be the last thing he will ever do
Perro que ladra no muerde... la pregubta es... cuando el kremlin va a sacar del poder a Putin.. los sintimas de ese señor presIdente RUSO.. ES QUE TIENE DEMENCIA CENIL. .SAQUEN A ESE HOMBRE.  ESTA MAL... MUY MAL...ESTA OBSESIONADO....
I wonder if we had a vote everytime a war was needed how many would actually happen
The daft bat can’t even seize Ukraine how on earth will he conquer the world come on people stop being naive!!
I think the phones behind him say alot about their real capabilities XD
Russian propaganda channel.
I have been saying this for a while..the UK is now a legitimate target for Russian missiles....
oh no.... anyway
Sky+Sabre rattling=Ratings
Putin said in the past that before he dies, he'll destroy the world. His own generals should take him out before he does something that he cannot comeback from it. He also will need another person to turn the key in order to press the red button. But he better hope that when he does that, Trump is not the US president, as Trump will not  sit back and keep listening to his threats.
The Uk.is like what the hell? Putin.The mob boss of Europe.
In reality its starmer dropping bombs to cover up the corruption.....whod ever really know ? Who even believes what they see on the news these days ....
Fake wars and runours of wars ...in reality DEPOPULATION and they know the ppl are fed up with pedos an corruption and are about to rise up so what better way to quash a uprising like the bombs from another country .....load of horse sh1t they all in it together theres us poor ppl and theres them rich psychopaths with all the money and bombs
🤣🤣🤣🤣 British media
We need to go to smethic and ask for Danny g to sort out all this mess
We need to go to smethic and ask for Danny g to sort out all this mess
And Russia can use Iranian and North Korean missile and weapons, mahood as well.
That means that Iran and NK is in war with UK?
muy bien putin
He’s an idiot
Putin can't even defeat Ukraine, literally the only way he can cause any damage to the US or the UK would be nuclear, everything else he has is null and void, Russia is weak.
Pray for Ukraine, from the Philippines 🇵🇭
Could this that no never’ nato doesn’t bluff or this and that useless fake talk from Russia nato would hit Russia first and destroy it if needed.
Homie can’t even invade Ukraine with his bumbling army of skeletons
War, dumb, people who start wars, even dumber! 😢
Putin would not be so stupid to loose all his money and wake up in a bunker with a price för his head för a nuclear attack
When the missiles start raining on the UK soil the bluff became the blast....
The UK won’t back down. France surrendered to the Germans in WW2, along with many other European countries who were invaded. 

That being said, the Government is very different now. Russia don’t have enough men to fight hence North Korean troops etc. the UK has the whole commonwealth behind them. 

Keir Starmer was wrong to say he’d give 3billion pounds a year to Ukraine for ‘as long as it takes’. Firstly for us Brits, that’s absolutely not right, it’s not fair on us as citizens, we are not financially stable and we have so much more debt and poverty now more than ever— also, who are we to Ukraine and them to us before this war? 

Yes we support them over Russia of course, but zelensky knew they were going to be invaded and most likely attacked and did nothing for weeks!!! He didn’t tell people to leave, set up a defensive or anything. 

I wish the King would take more action instead of the PM. He has more power after all.
Please don’t 😮
Can we have Christmas first
All these threats for years. Wtf. I think Putin needs to boost the economy of his land. He must be desperate. What else?
He can't even take Ukraine in 3 years what is he talking about
The elites want war it's coming and won't be army against army it will be the big red button
U. U. Kraine! USA!
more fear and war monegring by the elite, they want this they want to control kill and occupy, bs msm
If the UK goes to war who is going to send us lots of money
No NATO countries Smart enough to understand Putin way to prevent nukes war's with nukes threat on NATO countries, the NATO will see that's was a crazy or misunderstood message that's was aggression was out of mind was actually threat NATO with to prevent nukes war's both NATO and Russia
Putin tries to scare tactics on NATO as efforts to stop nukes war's with the west, he should just stop Nukes threat like xi Jin ping advise putin a method end nukes war's more effective 💯% working, to threat NATO countries with nukes to prevent nukes crisis both NATO Russia countries isn't it's stupid, Putin should use western way gentlemen talks and full prevent nukes arm's that's more brilliant
Biden should get put in jail fir escalating this on his way out
Disband nato !!!!
URAAAAAAAA 💅💅💅
RUSSIA WAJIB MEMBALAS SERANGAN KE WILAYAH INGGRIS DAN AS, I LOVE RUSSIA!!!!!!!
Rusia has borrowed 50.000 troops from north Korea there pathetic there got nothing seious  but nuclear weapon
Go ahead Vladolf Putler, see what happens when article 5 is active
¡¡ HAGALO A VER COMO TE VA   AMIGUITO !!
I swear reading this comment section is making me lose braincells. Can feel them committing suicide one by one.
People blaming Starmer for this when he's been leader for less than 5 months (the tories were provoking russia anyway).
People acting like the UK is irrelevant when we've got the 6th largest GDP and have good ties with most countries. (And a military alliance with a lot of big players like the USA, Canada and India through things like NATO and the Commonwealth)
And there's no need to worry about Putin's warnings, like all of his threats of retalion against the west they're all bluffs.
The interviewer is stupid, none of the countries are giving anything to Russia for free, but nato is giving everything for free like adding fuel to fire 🔥
Interestingly UK so much care about Ukraineian life but funding Israeli genocide in Gaza. So much democracy when its suits
Dont worry its out of our hands
Putin no está loco en atacar base de USA..recuerden Pearl harbor y Japón
He says for the 500th time this month
Fires yet more missiles 

The west has escalated this 😂
Ngl this just makes me scared from a person who’s in the uk
Click bait
world war 2 started a week after the wizard of oz... now we have wicked.. its coming
Send starmer to Russia with love . This man is depleting british people bit by bit .he sends millions to wars . He robs the poor to feed the filthy rich.like a vampire he will suck the nation dry and turn us into a third world country.
grow up
Russia can't war with UK its too sticky for them
Can someone tweet or message Putin and ask him to just take kier starmer? Don’t worry about a ransom as no one will pay it. And Putin and starmer can settle their differences.
GET TRUMP IN OFFICE. NOW.
The UK is in a peroxy war with weak leadership, the UK is a disaster no amount of propaganda can wash this.
Looks to me putin is tired and weak
😴
Poo tin is all talk, he is a scared little boy, he knows one attack on the US or UK and he will be counting down his days alive
Blablabla as ever, Mr. Poo thin!
🎶 I dont want to set the world on fire 🎶
I don’t agree with this war, don’t agree what putin doing or what the west is doing. But I have to say is he not using other countries weapons
Putin is All mouth and no trousers.
Yeah yeah all a bunch of hot air
NATO troops are in Kursk!
How could they hit targets in uk if they cannot hit militarytargets in ukraine? Russia is papertiger
There are counter measures 
We are just observing his arsenal.
Putin starts this war he is fucked 😂 he hasn’t even got the financial stability to recover from his illegal war in Ukraine! He is fucked for years
Considering the UK can't stop people in boats coming across the channel how do they think we are going to stop a pile of Missiles? 🙄😮‍💨
Putin is full of hot air  He ain't going to attack nobody.
Never gonna happen HES NOT STUPID !! It’s hype !
Please i have family members in the UK please don't beside just hit military facilities not civilian and why is keir Starmer escalating this stupid war that is already lost by Ukraine why is keir starmer still taking orders from Joe Biden he just have 2 more months please putin should wait till January so that the new govt can settle the dispute.
Putin cunning fool the houthis Hamas isis plunderers, beheaded, Hezbollah for his dictator ship. He can't by himself , hired others to fight for Russia looted the properties of Russian for his self interest.
Is there only  super sonic missiles are the only destructive weapon to conquer  the world.
UK has become a toss ball between US and Russia😢😢😢
Da napadne britaniju ? Covek.treba hitno da se smeni .
Don’t believe a word from western propaganda media.We have not been closer to full out nuclear war.America has promised land and resources from Ukraine to UK.To help with its failing economy.And with billions of invested.These me would rather see the world burn 🔥 then to let the money 💰 goto waste.
Russia in danger don't .
Don't be foolish😂😂😂😂😂
Attack on one is an attack on all allies
Crack on then. The Country is finished anyway. Traitorous mps sold us out.
Lies and fear
yeahyeahyeah, *he could this, he could that* .... we could all be blind to propaganda......
What happens if our parliament gets blown up? we could have new politicians, I like Mr Putin please Sergei Lavrov, have a chat with our politicians and explain that it would be good to do business with Russia, Ukraine should not have had a coup, and thrown their leader out, Or was it them ??? Where was Biden junior at the time, was he running the gas???
The uk has hundreds of thousands in hotels waiting to fight for the country they love 😂
Project fear turn the tell lie vision OFF
Dail Eireann #1
Cricket is fixed.
Putin can't handle Ukraine!! For over 3 yrs !! It's a joke threatening UK And NATO
Is russia attacking U.K. what it will take for NATO to step on russia?
Cada vez más Putin y su gobierno declaran e informan cantidad de estupideces y afirmaciones nefastas. Decide Atacar a quienes apoyen a Ucrania, y acaso Si el decide terminar esta estúpida guerra que solo el inicio, Ucrania y la Otan seguirán perdiendo el Tiempo en defenderse, claro que no. En conclusión, Putin sencillamente sólo debe terminar y su hermoso país seguirá prosperando y volver a tener esperanzas
Please, ignore Biden. He is leaving, thanks God. No American wants war.
Ever since the war begun I could never understand why tf UK is in this. What does it gain. Imagine a whole nation is unaware why they are in the middle of someone else's war.
Russia was long provoked since the corruption scandal of Burisma Holdings and the Bidens.
How can I get a visa to Russia? It's better to be on the winning side of these fanatics. Or get me an air ticket to Mars
Putin can try . I will travel from. Africa to protect my homeland  the u.k ..
Russia is like china Bonnie and Clyde
the whole world scared on putin  he knows his nuke more powerfull than nato country and america he can do what ever he like now evrybody scared
The West is always the cause of all wars.
Russia is playing with fire, only God knows how much top secret technology the U.S. has.
US “could” do the same
Its not world war until Africa is involved
He's REALLY not that stupid.
I have a better idea.  How about a peace negotiation?  Rather than trying to ignite WW3.  I mean, it's common sense?  But common sense ain't common in the world these days.
I’m in the U.K. I’m scared
Joe Bien started it
Sky news, that's the equivalent of the old uk sun newspaper 😂
    FOS😊
Now every here need to clearly understand that why isreal and America attack to palistine because Americans think tha iran give drones to Russia
The Russian ambassador is irrelevant, but it is good to hear a journalist exposing his pathetic lies.
We are the 6th civilisation on this planet anyone who survives World War III will be back in the Stone Age
Putin wouldn't dare he knows if he attacked the UK and us military facilities that would be the end of Russia
This is what a school boy Bully does, intimidates, threatens, lies  and pushes weaker people around. This idiot has to get off our beautiful planet before it's too late.
Why don't we have votes to go to war? Isn't that something the citizens should have a say in?
Biden and  the deep state are such sore losers that they are willing to risk nuclear Armageddon
Please don't all we want is to watch the prem
Is it me, or do the missiles look like they are going backwards??....
Who would fight for this "cuntry" thumbs up for YES, thumbs down for NO
Lol that phone call was all pretend
Pootin is a coward
Uk could attack Russia….shock horror 😂
we are buggered if he does...dont think we build anything in this country anymore...!!!
The fact that Putin has been so patient and seems to be the one trying to stop conflict is WILD... Starmer will tax us to helll and then poke Russia?
Always threatening
Putin is an intelligent man. Calm down everybody. He knows if he attacks a NATO country he and Russia will be vaporised. Jeez, get a grip.
Putin would sign his own death warrant in doing such an attack on US or UK military facilities
well then NATO would have to attack Russia and basically that would end Putin's government. So I seriously doubt that Russia is that stupid.
Spurs have got more chance of winning a cup than there being a nuclear war
Enough constantly provoking Russian if British still thinking that Putin is bluffing its a big mistake... and who will safer innocent people..
Of course he could, but unlike Ukraine, the UK is a member of NATO and also has nuclear weapons. Putin is more intelligent than by example Starmer, he wouldn't be so stupid. As as for Sky news posting this story to frighten people. Disgraceful broadcasting.
russia need to leave ukrain alone
And Putin stop talking about the west !!!!
he would not dare
Imagine If we get WW3 before GTA 6
Come on people its russian propaganda dont belive the hype
If they attack UK, they are not just attacking UK, they are attacking 32 countries at once (NATO members)
He's quite right.
India supply shells and ammunition to Russia..
UK is "brave" until" first Russian missile lands there, after that it would be to late to debate if Russians bluffing or not!
The question also arises as to how China would behave if Russia were on the brink of losing the war. China would likely take a similar approach to the West with Ukraine and Russia. China would support Russia in the same way we are currently supporting Ukraine, through a proxy war to weaken the West, just as we are trying to weaken Russia with our support. The claim that we are defending values is a myth. There are so many people around the world dying of hunger, but that doesn’t really bother us. Similarly, we care very little about the fate and well-being of the Palestinians.
Vladimir putin is a threat to all human life on planet earth
We need to stop paying taxes
Our government is solely responsible for any retaliation by the Russian government 
By allowing these storm shadow missiles to be fired into the motherland of Russia by our lads, as they will have dialed in the post code and stoma gave the  permission, 
Actions and consequences, stoma should of said NO. 
So now look what the startled weasel has gotten us involved in.
He's been giving warnings for weeks... He's throwing out warnings trying to scare everyone until Trump gets in.
With what.     So unrealiable
He's all talk 😂
Don't worry. Mao said global communism will arise from the ashes of WWIII.
Putin is   traitor  dont trust him
Nato are playing a very stupid game.
Y eso que avisó media hora antes que iba a lanzar un misil a Ucrania. Imaginemos que no avise. No hubo manera de destruirlo a ese misil, no hubo manera de pararlo.🙄🙄🙄🙄
If any country gets into a war,it will because of all the stupid Utube videos and commits. STOP 🛑 IT.
👎👎👎🇬🇧🇺🇸🇺🇦🇮🇱🇪🇺🇨🇦🇦🇺👎👎👎
PUTIN has the right to defend himself from being surrounded by Nato bases
Well since pissraeli is allowed to do what they want let Putin do what he wants why the outrage ???
This is complete bull the Ukrainians have zero chance of winning this war and uk knows this, why cause all this stupidity when Biden is goinv out of office and we know Trump would stop the war y escalate it b4 he comes into power??!!!  They are being very stupid to test Russia like this Putin is a mad man and ww3 will kick off by him sending super hyper sonic nuke missiles to every country
Whats the point of them attacks clearly them missiles are disappearing underground without any explosions
THE WEST WILL USE OLDER MISSILES, SO WHAT OF IT?  THEY STILL WILL GO BOOM!
I only know one target "the view"
His little army could barely make it 100miles into Ukraine. Let him try.
Did Putin really say that!? We the British people were told Saddam Hussein was going to attack the British mainland, of course it was a load of BS but many people fell for it
He’s been saying this for the past 2 years for god sake threaten someone else.
Attacking a UK facility and Attacking the uk are very different things.
Thank UK MPS DAVID CAMRON TONY BLURE PARTNERS IN CRIME . LABOURE WAS HIJACKED BY CONCIVATIVE PARTY TONY BLURE YEARS AGO  SAME PARTYS SAME CRAPY UK MPS  POLITICS  TRATERS  . .JUSTIC  NEEDED TO STOP WAR MUNGERS DESTROYING UK
Who do the British government think will fight the war. They hate their native population and the millions of immigrants have supposedly fled a war. The poor things 😂
What goes around comes back.
As a uk citizen. I trust putin more than kier starmer
The UK can’t even stop an inflatable boat. What makes them think they can stop a missile?
The man can't even win comfortably in Ukraine, what's he doing picking more fights further away? 😂
Putin is just a coward and murderer. He boasts of Russia being all great but cannot defeat a country much much smaller ! He has to rely on other countries for weapons, manpower ! Even though he said he would take Ukraine in two weeks ! Russian people need to wake up and get this tyrant in prison ! Victory to Ukraine
Putin can not warns us n Britain and take note that he is playing with the Lions
Its keirs fault our prime minister did this feckin sending weapons biden amd stamer get them in jail causing war in the west its non of our business like didnt see america or anyone helping belfast in the 60s the killing of innocent catholics the west leaders want this for some reason de stabilise the world
Super Russland👍
Do u realy think King Charles III will stand for this?
Don’t worry. The UK is talking about conscription 😂😂😂😂😂
Stupid Britain getting tied  up in a war that we shouldn't and putting are lives at risk remember we are just a little island  what is kier thinking about obviously not the British people
Putin My favorite Leader
President Vladimir Putin is my Heero
Let the illegal imports fight for the Islands that they have stolen
Is it just me or did Russia just threatened us with nuclear war?
He is so stupid to say that, he is in deperate situation now because he is loosing in his own war with Ukraine
Would someone please stop this madness before we all see mushroom clouds at London sky.
"When two neighboring countries fight each other, just know the USA visited one." --- Nelson Mandela
This is idiot war. Because if u atack UK u attack US. Because UK=US.. Understood?
Talk is cheap
Damn demented lefists, trying to escalate the conflict before Trump gets in office and delay or make impossible a peace treaty 🤬
Murdoch in panic
We have eleven US bases in the UK plus our own UK bases. Thank God Putin is a reasonable man and has up to now refrained from retaliating to Starmer's Storm Shadow missiles which cost £800 000 each.
This man is putting the whole world in danger
Putin knows  the day u do that British  always  punch about  their  weight  SAS who dares wins
Just realised what channel im on, goodbye
He will never do it.
I got an idea... Stop shootin putin init
The red horse of war followed by the pale horse we are in revelation
Instead of That talk the need for peace
Is anyone even scared of him anymore ¿?
Russians who follow putin's orders blindly 🤡
Bloomin eck. We’ve got enough problems fighting our own government never mind another country
putler🤡
Donald trump should pull America out immediately and leave the others to deal with Russia china and co
I liked travelling to Russia I like Russian people.
Russia can’t whip Ukrainian how’s it gona whip nato?
Even if Putin kills us, he will kill himself too. He is so committed to harming us all that he doesn't realise his plans will also affect himself.
Putin is a scared little man.
Russia can't even win their war with Ukraine..... Not as powerful as Putin thinks😂😂😂
It would be the end of Putin regime is he attacks the US.
Why is it always Putin who warns that he could use new missiles. France and the Uk should also warn Russia, that they could use new missiles….
He's not doing anything, Russians are about to get rid of him.
Realistically, he ain’t doing nothing. NATO have baited him out and he has fallen into their trap. He’s got no way out and he’s backed into a corner , silly old fool
Honestly Russian military equipment is failure it don't  work.. i grew up in Moscow. 85percent russia long ranges missiles dont work.
What annoys me is that wars like this are only designed to kill us and not these idiots making the rules up
Guess what the UK and US are not afraid of Russia! They have more weapons as well.
Right, so he will attack a NATO country, or more than one NATO country then?  Short of China piling in, NATO would beat Russia.
War what is it good for ..... absolutely NOTHING
This is Russia’s responds to “collective west “provocation with long range missels
Yes, he could but he won't do it.
The West are amplifying war. Putin asked for Peace, but NATO is a burr under the blanket. We need Trump to reject the warmongering Left, and open constructive negotiations with Russia. Win-Win, is better than Die-Die!
Starmer and Lost his marbles Bidens fault
Putin talks absolute CRAP ! 😂
Sky says so. Must be gospel…
HTF can we allow this to happen war really is a rich man trick it won’t be long we all doomed…. Just get it over and done with 😂😂😂😂
We the people do not want this war, and we do not want our tax money spent on Ukraine. WHY are these detestable politicians in the UK not listening to us?
The tiny island of Britain will be radioactive for 10,000 years. Russians will simply move to the vast expanses of Siberia and the Far East.
Russia is correct about that... if country A gave country B a missile AND explicitly stated that missile can be shot at country C, then country A and country C are at war.
Looks like UK, about to be no more.
if its from the west why isnt he firing at the uk or usa... he is scared
Not our war Starmer
then Moscow will be NO more
All of them say IF : IF u hit me so i will hit u. 
So ... dont hit and will dont get hit, and dont help someone hit someone else. U will be fine.
Putin looks 🤢 sick
These bloodthirsty weirdos want to take us to war with Russia. What the flip. Maniacs
Every single uk citizen doesnt want this we all want peace if that means ukraine are by them selves and we remain neutral then that exactly what we want the government is not the people we don't want a war putin kier a fool hes not pur leader
How Putin still Alive He MAD what Uk just let it happen will not shoot back which mean WW3
Yeah, sure
wars so fuckin weird now lol
Well all i can say is if the UK needs to fight, we've not got the numbers. And if the gov try to summon MEN from across the nation, best of luck with that, given the full scale attack on traditional manhood over the last 20 plus years
This is propaganda setting up the “False flag” event!
Putin is a Crazy Leader who is loosing the plot.
Can we stop getting involved plz
WW3
.... and the tit of the year award goes to... Putin! (slow clap) from the audience
This is serious
US under Trump is deadly for Russia and they know it because Israel will join
Sky news are just a government media bullshit media station! They should be ignored completely!  They fire missiles into Russia,  what do they expect Russia to do. Starmer should be removed,! This reporter is a liar!
Putins little operation not going to plan.
Is this true
I happened to notice the info of this video says putin warns he could  attack uk and USA, wow hes colour's are truly coming to light he's just like Hitler, and our government is sucking up to him 😂
Thanks UK 🇬🇧  So our ansesters involuntary build this country after slave trading over here for nut jobs to get control and use our money to start wars we have no intrest in at all. I want a tax rebate
Aww bless,  manchild putin is having another temper tantrum 😂
please don't I have 2025 weight lose program to follow.
Only big corporations are beneficiaries of wars . This started from first world war and it will never stop .
Is that not what he did to everyone for ,ast 3 years?
American congress takes no confidence motion againt president Biden in senate otherwise he will pushing world in nukes war before taking charge of TRUMP-
All we've done is build up a tyrants military and give him loads of cash, whilst depleting our military and making the UK public poorer.
I don’t care anymore
Im begining to doubt all that talk out of Russia. Im beginning to doubt their military power.
Brits starving...but our taxpayers money allows weapons companies to profit from blood shed. Peace is the way forward for the world.
Unless Putin wants to bid Russia bye
Unless Putin wants to bid Russia bye
There are more powerful militaries like France and Germany. They are closer
Please don't we can't help it if we have a Prime minister that can't do is job.
I am waiting for the Big Mushroom Cloud😂 Nuclear Bluff
The US government is out of control causing this unwarranted threat to us all. Trump will stop this if we survive!
good about time these country come to senses
If we want wars to end and peace why doesn’t society just go after the scientists, physicists and chemists capable of creating weapons that can destroy humanity? Why can’t wars just be fought hand to hand combat? Why do we have to use missiles?
Can the government just stfu!!!! They are literally going to kill us all... We don't want war with Russia... JUST STOP!!
Putin is full of it! This is obvious bravado and bluff. Russian army is exhausted, needing help from North Korea and can barely deal with Ukraine let alone with the whole of NATO or of the US. NATO  conventional forces would reduce russian military to nothing in a few weeks, no need of nukes for that. And the west also has nukes.
Russia messed up!!! Wild and desperate deranged combat!!!
Go ahead and starmer won't be in power anymore.
PUTIN STOP PLSS
Why do Brtish commentators think that nobody has alternative news sources from which to develop their own opinions?
USA involved in all wars till date
Why UK is used by USA why should UK be hurt and harm because USA Biden wants a war and sit back enjoy no middle would land in USA but UK why ?? Better let them sought it out
Putin sabre-rattling against NATO, while bogged down in a 3-year long fight unable to win against the poorest country in Europe sure is something.
 
Pathetic, that's the word.
They provoked and prodded a nuclear state russia for the last 3 years and somehow expect no consequences they need to deescalate and abide by the previous agreements
Money being wasted on war that is not even how's what about the poor elderly people suffering this winter looks after your  own people it's disgusting
The young fight old man wars..
THE FAR FAR Leftist propaganda machine DON'T HELP Either, just stir it all up from a vile HARD RADICAL LIBERAL State of mind
JUST GIVE Russia the address's of the FAR FAR LEFTIST Government, it's not the public of the British people , just the vile out of touch narcissistic LIBERAL MP'S YEAH
We got a war between UK and Russia before GTA 6
UK is not even worth his hassle.
Did he sly news
That women receiving a call was hilarious!  Get real
The missile factories should be fair game to be honest. They are handing missiles over to be lobbed into Russia.
putins full of sh$t
Biden made this war worse
Don’t worry everybody! Nothing is going to happen
Any actions will be responded to.
Nooo. He cannot. 
He will get back the same medicine from multiple directions 😂
Unlike Russia Britain doesn’t get beaten!
Every insect has a right to defend themselves
china benefits from this war massively and its in there interest to support Russia to prolong the war.
Cual es la cuestion? Cuando el primero se esta quejando y culpandolos de un conflico directo con otros paises.  Sofista o politico pudiera ser.
Welp. Time to book that no return holiday abroad 🤷🏽‍♀️
أضرب ومالنا دخل
Its kier Starmer not is. I'm all for Putin
o7
Putin wants to kill the world
Russia is undefeatable history proved that
As a Mizrahi Jew, Yahweh bless Russia ❤
Sneer is deluded going against Russia!
Stop making Putin out to be our enemy! Look at Starlins ridiculous agreement to give weapons to Ukraine WAKE UP
Putins nukes are nowhere near as destructive as our current government
The HELL IS WAITING for those who put people in danger
Not being funny but the man cant even take Ukrain out why would anyone worry about this muppets threats
Putin is more popular here in UK than starmer
Nato is playing with innocent peoples lives!!! Just stop!!!
Old man lies 1 million times
It may not be a bad thing, snap us back into reality ffs. 🙄
Poo poo poopoopoopooppoooooopopopoooooioiooʻooo
Poo
Is anyone else not worried about this at all, putin is all bark
Biden and NATO started this & Starmer dragged us into it. We need Trump 🙏
I think it is time for these dumb politicians to step aside they haven’t only ruined our economy but are now playing with our lives the people really of the world really need to unite and stand together against these evil people who mean no good
Putin a Guy Fawkes things are looking up
Ice age is comming soon🧊🧊
So this guy is a “military analyst” …🤔 ..right ..
Both of them obviously believe that it’s all a game; the so called analyst definitely seems to think so.
I’m pretty sure Starmer has this kind of analysts assisting him at all times. UK is doing great, nevertheless, cause is all about the analytics…
Merry Christmas.
King Bong 🦍
NATO is more than willing to meet Russia, where Russia wishes to meet??
😂😂😂
If he did, Russia wouldn't exist 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Missiles fly both ways Putin.
putin is the devil on this earth
Stop funding the Ukrainian end of. I've never known such stupidity from our government, what are they thinking? 
As for Biden the man needs to be physically removed so Trump can do what he does  best to end this madness.
No sound ? Looks like the wrath of moses
Hurry up ding dong it’s Monday tomorrow
The army recruiting offices throughout the UK are are expecting long queues on Monday morning,plucky young Brits are scrambling to enlist and are eager to take on the Russians,a starmer gender neutral spokesperson said yesterday 😂😂😂
This is a lose-lose situation. On one hand, we can't stop supplying Ukraine because they will lose if we do. On other hand, we can't make a deal or negotiate with Russia because Russia will trick and backstab anyone that tries like every other faction, empire and country in the past
Game changer.😃
He using cannon foder in ukraine. His main army protecting moscow. Kazakhstan syrian conscripts prisoners!! Main army not involved. Why alot generals etc dying. He knows what he doing come on its escalation
More FAKE NEWS
UK's decisions are always pathetic.
What are we doing here in this business ??
I am scare d
our leaderssays Putin is just buffing😂😅
Putin is scared of his own shadow.
Bullies always say ....I'll do this ....I'll do that but never do
Russia would be decimated
The country has already gone to hell in a hand basket. Most UK towns are so dilapidated, neglected and left to rot that they already look like they've been through a war.
British Gov and army think they are as good strong and influential as they were 50+ years ago…😂😂😂 times have changed no one is scared of England..I repeat..NO ONE…even their own ppl don’t want to fight for their own country and would rather smash up ppls hotels 🤦🏾‍♂️🤣🤣 it’s gona be and easy attack for Putin not even Tommy can stop him
WHY?   WE DONT WANT. A WAR OR WARS.   PLEASE STOP THIS.  WE THE PEOPLE HAVE DONE NOTHING WRONG    ITS ALL OUR GOVERNMENTS FAULT .  NOT THE PEOPLE
  ALL WE WANT IS YI,LIVE A NORMAL LIFE  WHILST IN THIS BEAUTIFUL EARTH .  M🙏❤️🌍😭
I won’t throw a pebble for this country
President Trump's victory changes the game 🇺🇸🌞 Until January 2025, the deep state via the servile Biden-Obama administration will try to sabotage Trump 🤷🏻‍♂️ The great sovereign Head of State Putin will not fall for the nuclear escalation trap 😉
Is the dude mad they have lost 3 quarters of thete fighting force lol 😅 know ur place
Bullshit
The problem is we have so many already here who want us gone as much as putin.
Present uk gov have no money for seniors and no money for students fees and no money for nhs but they have million for Ukraine hence we uk people are suffering for loosing battle
Corrupt military leaders want war. Russian President Putin ain’t one of them.
Is the US threatening to send missiles to China because of their financing of Putin's war? Only one side has been highly irresponsible and hypocritical during this conflict.
Putin has been threatening to attack the uk for years. He’s not stupid enough to attack a nato country. Russia also had it coming they’ve been attacking Ukraine for the past few years
Evil Madman Putin has gone Beserk - He Must be Neutralized.
How stupid. He thinks this only goes one way?
These poor brits won't learn. If war starts they will force citizens run with begging bowl
The UK top priority is to protect the Muslim immigrants. If any immigrants are harmed by Russian missiles, the UK will declare war.
Putin started a war legally .... Isreal didn't
The west is solely to blame for this whole debacle. It’s all we ever seen to do. Orchestrate conflict after conflict, Propagate war after war … after all war is an economy. The biggest money maker known to man. Hence why we never push for peace … FACT!
North Korean soldiers' presence in Russia's war triggered the 3rd world war... Make no mistake
Saludos y muchos afectos de mi parte con mucho respeto señor presidente vladimir putin un abrazo que dios lo bendiga ana rosso
Wholly, 😮
the media is doing a good job making out like russia is our enemy when the real enemy us from within.
Señor presidente vladimir putin lea las guerras que tuvieron hirohima y nagashaki soy ana rosso descendiente de bisabuelos rusos y judios y mi papa es ex combatiente de malvinas y mi abuela despues de que mis bisabuelos alemanes del bolga escaparon de la segunda guerra mundial desde rusia a argentina evita peron le regalo una muñeca a mi abuela cuando paso en tren con domingo peron por parana entre rios
Uk has the best soldiers on the continents
Poking the bear... Never ends well
The AMERICAN PEOPLE DO NOT WANT THIS. We do NOT want BIDEN SENDING MONEY OR WEAPONS TO UKRAINE. He DOES NOT listen to the PEOPLE.
This president need prayers to stop his bad influence to stop war i am a healing prayer filipino we Filipino have the power of peace just like jesus gifted the Philippines with a supernatural peace of the world so this president need jesus i think he forgot jesus that jesus created earth and he cannot the destroy the whole world🇵🇭🇮🇱🇺🇸👑
This threat again? Bros been saying this for 2 years now lmao
UK is a glorified aircraft carrier for the US
Cold War 2 mate bloody Nora
I’m against sending long range arms of my country (America) and any other western ally, we got to many issues to deal with ourselves in America. 

However if Vlad wants to fire any weapons on American soil or any NATO country then he face the full wrath of NATO.
The new Russian missile has silenced the West.
If russia is attacked dose it have a right to defend itself by any means necessary??🤔genuine question,interested in your response??
NATO is trembling in fear , they can only interfere in weaker countries
Russia has already attacked UK:
Salisbury nerve gas attack.
Funding the Conservative party and brexit medila to weaken UK and Europe.
Don't mess with mother Russia
His Co-ordinate need to be
10 Downing Street, houses of Parliament and commons. They are the ones who want a fight... Leave us out of it. We got our own issues to deal with and are not involved in any action against Russia and have no issues with Russia or putin. This war is ridiculous, out of hand and needs to stop already. Its the politicians adding fuel to the fire all the time, not society
🤣
Putin is so full of it. He, like most thugs, is afraid of their own shadow. That threatening of war is his only stick he plays to feel secure that the West won't blow him away. Taken out of 1984 to keep his people in place, propaganda BS 101.
Ask boris Johnson
The UK has wanted this war for a long time, joined at the hip with the US and NATO the  UK hasn’t had the backbone to exercise sovereignty for decades.
Annnnnd i been saying this for the last year n half.
Now we gonna potentially be taking missles too.
Great
Popcorn in Scotland is ready!
No explosions! The missles were not carrying a warhead. This was just to scare people, not kill them.
Putin has already attacked on man city 😂
Lol no, russia will never attack UK
Someone please tell Gordon Ramsay to leave the UK
How do I become Russian
Im with Putin, why are we funding Ukraine in the first place?
I’m not fighting for a government that declared war on its own people. Britains leaders must be absolutely barmy to think we would ever support them after what they’ve done these past 3 months.
And why not Ukraine asked for it.
If Russia attacked the UK, they would get annihilated. He knows better
I never liked the architecture of London. Just saying.
can west leave ukraine and russia alone please?
1:52 Just exposes the hypocrisy of these Russian clowns who have started this war. 🤦‍♂️
Play silly games (involve yourself in a war that’s not yours) win silly prizes (potential escalation to WW3)
More war planes just came over been lots going out last few days now in UK. Putin already has subs here with long range missiles parked up around the south. Don't think he will nuke his own sea fleat somehow.
No starmer / no Islam / know peace
Not our conflict. Stop giving millions to Ukraine. Starmer does not have a clue
Well at least a nuclear war would stop the boats. Every cloud...
Why he's still alive?
Mr Putin knows the democrats are deliberately trying to start wars to make it hard for Donald trump & himself to negotiate a deal. When Donald is in they'll both sit down together & have some pie & a beer & they'll both sort it out. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🎚️
Putin ..kier stammer is at Downing Street ..pls leave us out
Carry on Putin.
Our country should keep there nose out of other nations business..stop following USA... stop risking our beloved nations security please
These leaders will be amazed at how many men will not fight for them. Go fight yourself putin ,
He won't do it because he knows if he does the UK and US won't be going to Ukraine they will go straight to Russia
Mr Putin place your weapons down and  this is becoming out of order now. The world is not a play ground for none respectful individuals in position of power. This is abusive and disrespectful behaviour.
The Russian bots pretending to be Britons here are hilarious.
After Starmer and His European allies actions to escalate the situation, WTF do they expect. They are also simultaneously undermining Trumps attempts at creating peace.
I am interested to see what happens when Trump takes the wheel.
At least we know when it happens its gonna be quick
Is that the season 3 or 4?
- Daaaaaddd... are they attacking yet????
Bullshite,He can only just fight Ukraine, hes hardly likely to attack us when it will  bring all of NATO into it
Deploy Trident .
Oh no please don't destroy the fossils ruining our country in parliament what will we possibly do without them.....
I wont fight for this country ill surrender
If Zelensky did not allow NATO “stuff” to be placed close to Russian borders, this horrible war with Ukraine would never happened. Then western countries made billions by supplying Ukrainians with weapons of all kinds. Now confused Biden signed a potential death sentence for millions if not billions of people. I hope President Trump will bring peace if this world lives long enough.
War is looming and my country the philippine still talking power/ political trash
UK and US are wars loving countries therefore putin is offering these 2 countries what they love most ❤
Been provoking for a while now
What do they bloody expect.
Stop following the zionist's plan for God sake.
I'm scared for all the Tekken pro's that Live in London or near London. There's too many to count
Labour are really fooking us up on so many levels now - get the out they are not skilled enough to run the country
Oooh I am scared. I don’t think he wants to start WWIII right now. His girlfriend is becoming president of the USA he should wait, and see what his girlfriend can do for her boyfriend.
Then stop funding Ukraine, its NOT our war, we are blindingly choosing to involve in this yanks provoked war.
Good old starmer, been in 3 months and already dragged us into WW3
Not fighting for a Britain that hates the British
Putin is more respected by British people than that wef wAnkr Starmer 
Putin is a great president 
Respected worldwide 
This stenographer posing as a journalist is pathetic 
Stop NATO 
Stop Russophobia 
Equal trading and cultural exchange now 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 🇷🇺
He'd  have to find our military bases first
I wouldn't blame him...NATO started this war...they've been pushing for it since the Warsaw Pact
That is a joke. He cannot beat Ukraine without help from North Korea now wants to engage other countries. If US troops got involved Moscow would be liberated by next week.
He won't.
World war 3 already started
Who pushed Putin into Ukraine  in the first place ? Is Ukraine a NATO country to be defended by the US and EU ?
Russia losing Ukraine war is the biggest failure for Russia in all of Russian history under Putin
Why just not UK media?
warn away, nobody cares. all he does is warns this and warns that .. it's getting old. only thing that is not getting old, is PO0TlN's big ego! he thinks he rules the world .. while still writing those troglodyte symbols.
Putin warns.  
Putin threatens.
Putin reaffirms.
Putin warns again.
Then threatens once more.
Yep he reaffirmed a second time.

That's the chorus, sing it 1365 times.
Islam began as something strange and will return to being strange. So blessed are the strangers. I hope that peace will return to the world. We elected Trump in the hope that he would fulfill his promise to stop the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East.
Politicians have dug their own graves. Its hardly a surprise the response, we are a mouse poking a bear. It has nothing to do with us or America. They need to stop backing one of the most corrupted nations on earth, Zelenskys portfolio must be absolutely huge by now 🤦‍♂️
Wars are culling processes
Extradite Starmer to Russia!
The United Kingdom can't give its old poor people free heating fuel but it can give Ukraine million-dollar missiles
At this point the UK’s lost anyway so 🤷🏻‍♂️
If its between the weak UK and the strong US, I would bet that Putin attacks the UK first if he does strike back
Why not. The UK has attacked Russia.
Monsieur Barrott [ to Laura Kuenssberg ]...
"We will support Ukraine as intensely and as long as necessary. Why? Because it is our security that is at stake. Each time the Russian army progresses by one square kilometre, the threat gets one square kilometre closer to Europe," 
Presumably , Latvia and Estonia [ direct neighbours of Russia ] are still in Europe - if Vladimir Putin wanted to invade Europe he'd go that way - Msr Barrott is a blooming liar or he's really bad at Geography .
Putin doesn't react 
- West propaganda : he is weak 
Putin react 
- West propaganda  : He is desperate 
Russia missile unstoppable 
- West propaganda : the explosions were fake 
Russia sent 200 missile to Ukraine 
- West propaganda : and what ? Nothing special 
Ukraine sent 6 missile to Russia 
- West propaganda : Slava Ukraine, victory !!! 
😂😂😂😂😂
Putin warns he could use new missile to attack US and UK military facilities
this is just typical sky news scare mongering again as they are bored now of liam payne
God bless Russia 🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺  Alien Tech.    
No worries, Uk has Fish & Chips.
😮
Has he never opened a history book? If the London Blitz didn't break the UK then what makes him think just threatening them will do anything now? Russia cried wolf so much no one believes them anymore. Put up or shut up.
seriously  what are we doing getting involved with this war  anyway when we have issues here in the UK.
PUTIN YOUR AN OXYGEN THIEF
Russia rejected The English Pound , The EU money and USA Dollars for their Oil and Natural Gas and now they are The Enemy of The USA, UN NATO and Europe. Now they are all backing up Adolph Hitler's Spiritual Son Zelenski against Russia ! .
Am i the only one who is not scared. Like below
Currency War against Russia By UN NATO. Let's call it what it really is for A change ! .
How many more times can The USA and UN NATO poke At The Bear before He gets angry ? , It's a pretty dangerous and childish thing to be doing with A Insane Clown like Zelenski. Is protecting The English Pound really worth All of this for UN NATO and England ? . Wasn't it The Russian rejection of foreign currency that started All of the problems between Russia England and UN NATO to begin with ? The Zelenski rejection of The Peace treaty with Russia and The provoking of Russia was right after that !
🇺🇦 has just launched more missiles into 🇷🇺
Labour can fund a war but not fund the pensioners to stay warm
Why did the decision, to allow UK missiles to be fired, not go through parliament? Who approved it? Who benefits from using these weapons? Why is our political class permanently at odds with Russia? What British military resources are operating inside Ukraine? How many British KIA's have there been? I won't expect any answers from the likes of Sky News.
Putin will definitely not make a direct threat to the English Royal Crown, that's for sure. He takes orders from them.
Putin has been sensible with The USA and UN NATO but that tolerance is not going to last forever.
fRANCIA ACABA DE AUTORIZAR OTRO ATACA CON MISILES AMERICANOS DE LARGA DISTANCIA en breve veremos una IUcrania completamente devastada.
Zelenski and Biden are both CIA and The UN NATO invasion of Russia has been the goal from The beginning.
This is A CIA Proxy Ukraine trying to invade Russia for UN NATO. Everyone should know that The USA is Who told Zelenski not to sign the peace treaty with Russia. That is what started the War in Ukraine. The USA gave Zelenski 134 billion USA Tax dollar's and Arms not to sign A peace treaty with Russia.
This war is by design, the banksters are at it again, making a killing.
Ruzzia is a mouse threatening 8 Lions
It All depends on what Trump does when he takes over from Biden. If he continues Bidens policies against Russia it will be WW3 with Nukes.
Why are Russia's allies so silent about the escalating threat of nuclear strikes? Nations like China and India, typically vocal on global issues, have adopted a strikingly passive stance. If Putin were to use nuclear weapons, the consequences wouldn’t stop at the target—fallout would impact his allies and destabilize the global order. Is their silence a calculated move, a sign of uncertainty, or do they know something the rest of the world doesn’t? In moments like this, silence speaks volumes—but what exactly is it saying?
Everyone knows Biden is not in command and Harris is getting drunk. What does this mean? NeoCons are in command and happy for two Christian countries destroy each other.
I still blame Zelenski and CIA Biden for The Ukraine War. They told Zelenski not to sign a peace treaty with Russia And Then they armed him. If that is not starting a War with Russia what is ?
Could but won’t so stop the scaremongering nobody wants war apart from the US war machine getting sleepy Joe to ok stepping up conflict put both leaders in a room with trump and sort a peace deal out
How about we just send Starmer to Ukraine instead?
The defence secretary has announced emergency cuts to the UK military, including the Royal Navy’s two amphibious assault ships, a frigate and 31 helicopters.

John Healey has blamed the disputed £22bn black hole left in the finances by the Tories. However, the Conservatives have warned that the cuts have come because Labour refuses to spend 2.5 per cent of GDP on defence.

Still Starmer thinks it`s okay to send our missiles to Ukraine once dubbed The most corrupt country in Europe. 2 Aircraft carriers 1 has to be plagiarised for spares. Sub launched missiles which do not work!!! The first job of government is to look after your people!!!!!
Parliament first I hope 😂
'a hypersonic ballistic missile'. ALL ballistic missiles since the original V2 in WW2 are hypersonic. It's as impressive as saying 'a supersonic rifle bullet'.
Put Biden not in a retirement home the puzzle factory
Britain is signing its own damnation.
Sky News--- Notsy cowards who delete truthful comments
How is the UK going to defend itself from Russia lol.
Oh shut up
Atakihin na niya  puro banta banta hindi niya nga matalo talo ang Ukraine ilang taon na
Avengers where are they ???
This has escalated because trump is coming into power soon. The world leaders do not want trump to end it.
Here's me worrying about my gas bill .😊
Get in with it then Putin? ???
Putin doesn’t issue idol warnings. We all need to pay attention to what’s going on.
Yes Putin could attack the US, and in the eloquent words of Dr Phil "yes and if his aunt had nuts she'd be his uncle."

But he won't because he knows that that would be the end of Russia.
Thanks brandon
Putin can’t defeat the Ukrainian people, let alone the us and uk! Fool Hes army are so pathetic they have to bring in North Korean troops who have never even seen another country let alone speak a different language 🙈🤷🏼‍♀️🤷🏼‍♀️
I've warned this before - Sunak was just stating conscription what the 5 Eyes - The mother and her descendents - already planned over a century ago to encircle and breakup Russia to take over. A global hegemony that no one can counter. Starmer will parrot this because enlistment in the army is planned no matter the party in power 🪖
Prime 19 is a new restaurant opening up to feature B33f 3at3r Strontium 90 mad cow beef chinese chow main for all those waiting for the bus that's not in service , low mein !
Russian BS, can't take what they say serious. 'Kin' joke man.
he could and then he draws the whole of nato into the mix which i very much doubt he really wants
NATO essentially got the go-ahead to launch a military intervention in Ukraine the moment the Russian missile struck those US and UK military bases.
Most British people support Putin and Russia 😂
Sky fake news
Can’t we just hand Labour government to Putin? I think most brits would be happy with this
Attacking Nato, hmmmmm not sure that's a good move Putin.
aw shiet here we go again another world war.....
Sky news scare tactics 😂 trying to make the British public feel scared .....bs
Zelensky the comedian is a joke and weak just like kier starmer who can’t stand up to sleepy joe
Probably nosey neighbours 😂😅😂😅😂😅
Why is the UK waiting?!
Sure, it's not the Israelis? Or possibly the Ukrainians 🤔
🤔 PUTIN GOT TRUMP IN SO TRUMP WOULD GIVE 🇺🇦 TO PUTIN BUT 🇺🇦 DON'T NEED TRUMP PUTIN KNOWS TRUMP WOULD DO WHAT HE SAY
Yeah “Russia” alright…I’m thinking UAPS🤣, what kinda Russian drones can stay up there for days?
Liars.
Neocon Propagandists won't give up yet.
Go on
How come you haven't captured one  ?
Cloaking devices, maybe...
Absolutely no way a drone is flying from Russia to the UK.  Total bs
Please clarify. *Drones or shovels?*
Autonomous AI drones
Stupid is as stupid does…
😂😂😂😂
US flys drones around other countries air space. Why the surprise!
Дорогой народ Англии, власти вам лгут! Говорят о нападении Путина? Сами Британцы , еврапейцы , американцы пришли на нашу родину! Вы уже в России! Запомните, что не мы к вам пришли, а вы к нам! Ответ непременно будет, снашей стороны.  Народ вас обманывают, украина это фашисты, каторые пришли убивать доннбас.  То есть верхушка главарей поставленных США и не бес помощи британии, они сталкнули нас словян лбами,, и хотят разрушить, как Югославию! Мы Россия зазищаем свой народ на Донбассе от нацистов
No drones captured? why not pick em off then ! Or is it the usual 'let something happen' ? What a laughing stock UK defence is !
THE COLD WAR IS OVER!!! Get the US bases out of the UK!!! You'll be telling us next that they're flying in and storing actual nuclear weapons on UK soil!!
BE.
NO Pictures, even with AI?
We are not all Biden.
We fought the wrong enemy
Aliens 👽 . Coming to save the planet from us pesky psychopaths who want to burn the world 🔥 😮
👽👽 iykyk
Unidentified flying objects have been buzzing military nuclear bases worldwide and even occasionally disabling nuclear missiles, since the 1950s. This is all documented in detail in a book called UFOs and Nukes, with testimonies from various military officers. Calling them drones without evidence is laughable. As if a lil drone can achieve anything at all whatsoever to a miltary base, esp in pitch darkness lol. An officer was on a 3 hour livestream yesterday filming multiple units stay in the air for the entire duration too, something a drone cannot do, but ok
America. The biggest terrorist in the world . Have bases everywhere. But dont see themselves as unwanted anywhere. 

Remember history is written by the victorious not always the right.
Could put money down its just YouTube Auditors being w…. ers again 🤦‍♂️
Title doesn't make sense, learn how to write properly and spell.
Ever since the collapse of the Soviet Union, Nato has been expanding east like no reason. I feel sorry for the poor Russians though. Nato is truly a menace to our world, they are the primary threat to our world and humanity.
😮putin 👹 is STUPID 🇷🇺😈 but he's NOT CRAZY - They want to KEEP 👹🇷🇺😈.
I thought they had dron killers,  other drones which fire nets
Listen dumb Sun newspaper they arnt stupid Russian drones?!?🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ they are dam well UFOs get over it with the BS!!!!
Those drones could be UFO's or UAP's.
More than likely it was Americans doing it themselves😂
ORCUS and other highly technical anti drone defense systems are there already . Why cant they counter it seems weird to me .
😂😂😂😂 britain working for their masters 😂😂😂

anyway britain can't do anything if Russia picks britain next. whatch you gonna do when they come for you, bad boys bad boys, whatch ya gonna do.
hahahahahahhaa
UFO'S terrorised nuclear facilities in te cold war. Maybe it's them again?
The FSP controlled puppet Putin authorized radiation use to poison  his critics in exile in the UK. When will the useless UK government do its job and keep the Russian agents out of the UK.
Do the  UK intelligence do anything to keep Russian agents out of the UK? Asleep at the wheel.
Perhaps the Rockapes would be doing a better service if the deployed to the Channel coast to protect these islands from mass invasion!
Why in the world do you have all these assets sitting out in the open all lined up close together, like sitting ducks in a row!!! At this moment in time with Putin having his thumb on the button and being completely insane!!! You have to be prepared and prepare for the worst. Especially now, you got drones flying over restricted air space, military bases!!! Get your act together and act accordingly!! All those easy targets can be destroyed in just a few minutes the way you have them sitting on the ground… jeezzzz. I can’t get over the stupidity that I’m witnessing……
This is pure propaganda.
musical chairs"  then the music stops__  as it was never actually music to begin with_  "free dum" markets  _  UK LIZ TRUSS_MAMA BEAR- 30 days and then out_
Remember the media circus over Gatwick (there probably was no drone). Today we have confirmed sightings, and the media is more interested in stirring the speculation pot over 'who' using footage ripped from the internet, adding nothing of value. Are all your photographers too busy covering something more important than the threat of nuclear escalation?
If you poke a bear 🐻
The USA has drones all around the world 😂
The Sun, really hilarious and still as crap as it was in the 70's. The RAF Reg is even funnier than the Sun.
Thank you for the coverage!
They have a lot to answer for. It may sound off topic but I chanced on this cool translator that does everything and more of what a translator should have, name is Immersive Translate and one thing that can really help is it’s new feature, which lets you create a custom AI expert for translating anything. Thank me later, it's gold.
Well, one thing is certain: there is a swram of Krembots in the comments! 👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾👾
Carry on!
Drones, lol. You mean UAPs.
lol you dont send out f15 to chase drones
Laughable news made up for the British Media.
BS
It's Aliens
Half British storm shadow and Half American, without the American storm shadow is just the shadow.
I doubt it is Russia as their drones probably wouldn't work! 🤣
No proof " headline is Russian.
Have we not been boasting about a new lazer weapon someone invented for this situation..... f@%@ing use it 😂😂
Don't believe everything in the Sun News. Trash tabloid
Its dj audits 😂😂😂
Obvious incase theres a response..just checking theres not a school next-door
MIB
This is complete rubbish! Spread the fear
It could be northern island, wales or Scotland for all u know... 🤷‍♂️ They still hv not forgotten about the sad history... Cld take advantage of Russia situation to gain independence after all
So u lot r telling me that Russia has sent drones over UK airspace to spy on USA bases within uk😊🙄🙄🙄🤔🤔🤔 Do u think I am an idiot... 🤷‍♂️ 😂. Where r the photos n clips of the drones anyways ⁉️‼️⁉️
This is where the Strom Sparrows oroginate from.
Everybody can argue or discuss this all they wish to but if in fact these reports of drones swarming these American Airbases in the UK, they simply must be taken down, and removed immediately. 

Proper defensive systems must be deployed, activated and remain so immediately. 

Let's make sure this is done now as in right now. Then we can have meetings and talks, and distribute papers about it. 

Hopefully our people are investigating this like their hair is on fire until it is completely investigated. 

If it's determined that in fact it is traced to Russia then we'll know exactly how to speak with them about it. 

Thank you,
🇺🇲🇺🇦



Glory to God,
Victory for Ukraine,
Rise Free Nations!
You mentioned attacks targeted in Russia were from Ukraine and by Ukraine..Really? Didn't Ukraine got missiles from UK and USA  to fire in to Russia? 

Western media is full of BS..

Western media and politicians act like toddlers...stop your propaganda......it is not working....
No sorry The Drone will only be able to fly within its reaches , and not thousands of miles from  the operator.
What a load of nonsense 😅
The more people I see in the comments defending Russia and saying a drone can’t fly from Russia, the more I believe some one in uk is flyin the drone for Russian intelligence. Shame the people in the comments can’t put two and two to understand it doesn’t have to be flown from Russia as we can all work that one out.
U did the same by spying using Tory planes and Other Surveillance drones..... 

Remember!!!
exaggerated  the drones were non  tech drones in respect no good for causing damage to persons or property  STOP THE LYING SO CALLED NEWS
exaggerated  the drones were non  tech drones in respect no good for causing damage to persons or property  STOP THE LYING SO CALLED NEWS
exaggerated  the drones were non  tech drones in respect no good for causing damage to persons or property  STOP THE LYING SO CALLED NEWS
exaggerated  the drones were non  tech drones in respect no good for causing damage to persons or property  STOP THE LYING SO CALLED NEWS
Russian sabotage group GRU 29155 are at work in the UK.  These drones may or may not be traced straight back to them or to hirelings of theirs. We all know who pays the piper calls the tune, and they shall pay the Price.
This is a nonsense story which is being spread to scare the British public into supporting Keir Stalin escalsting his interventions in the Ukraine Russia war. If you don't believe me look up the Black Hornet Nano. It is a tiny drone with video capabilities which weighs 18 grams (EIGHTEEN GRAMS). This has existed for over ten years. If you think that Russia doesn't have similar technology ten years later and instead relies on hobbyist drones flying outside of geofenced areas, then I'm afraid you have fallen for the BS or are seriously deluded!
Our borders are not secure,hundreds of unvetted young men arrive every week and our government do nothing to protect British citizens.
We welcome the enemy with open arms,hotels and benefits.
Clown world.
May Allah peace and blessings to all
tHEY NEED TO GET THE OPERATORS
All three military bases are within a stones throw from each other. Although maybe co-ordinated, could easily fly between each within a short space of time. Would look more suspicious if the three bases were hundreds of miles apart!
Probably the Suns drones
thing is fellas they got there full stop how?
UAP's making sure we don't wipe ourselves out using nukes. Same UAP's are probably monitoring Russian Nuke sites
if its not clear that Russia is involved , then stop your bloody propaganda in your title!!!!!!!
Yet more propaganda to try and get the UK citizens rattled up to go to war! Russia is NOT my enemy, the British government is ruining this country more than Russia ever has.
Of course it's Russia! 🤦🏽‍♂️ They're to blame for everything these days.
Well then, to stop this, tell Ukrainian president zelensky to stop involving other countries to fight his fight when he should only have Ukrainians fighting for Ukraine as he is not part of nato so why should be be helping him
Keep hearing he’s losing 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Man, I really love propoganda KEKW
Try orbs that can outmaneuver anything we have.
the sun is the father of propaganda so stop and use barin
Which means: zero security has been provided.
Hilarious! You are at war! russia is a terrorist state! Are you waiting for the boat people to get the order? They are the proxy!
Who needs to fly a drone over when you're showing the bases on TV??
Just words to stir up paranoia about the Rooskies
❤
Farmer Giles can take em down with his side by side
My town
There has not been 'swarms' of drones, there's been a couple. Stop lying.
dei enna dagal vela
😂😂😂😂😂😂  all BS nonsence.😂😂😂😂😂😂
aduthu yentha naata thalamai idama vachi urutta start panna poringada 🇺🇸🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿💯
Norfolk VA detected a few. Amazing our military which spends more than Russia, India and China combined couldn't disable them and retrieve them to find the place of origin. Numerous Ukraine war videos convey just that.
If they're spy drones, why are they covered in lights? These things are also the size of cars, would be difficult to hide. If it's Russia/China, how are they getting here?
Literally been watching the little exercises they're doing at Lakenheath ... its not Russian drones, they're FPV drones flown out from the base in which the F-15's use their FLIR targeting pods to locate the drone over the base.. 😂
All else fails blame the Russians or the Chinese. Propaganda machine in full swing. The worst offenders on this planet are the US & UK military industrial complexes. Colonialism is very much alive and kicking.
Trump wont stand for this😅
I smell 🦬💩
There was an incident in rendalsham forest near an American airbase in1980 so these could be alien probes
😂😂 sure, the best airbases in the UK and they cannot identify them, Do they think it's Christmas, or Do they think British people are that stupid, answers on a postcard to Santa Claus in Lapland it's simply propaganda, the book called  propaganda for dummies will be released soon
Hi. We are for sure captured in an Alien Zoo, and there is no way out.🤔
CRASS  false news. Sun should apologise for providing misleading statements. Totally irresponsible.
They will be hit hard. Whom do NATO think are playing with! Putin doesn't give a f*ck. US and UK have been provoking the bear and they will cry very soon
More absolute invented dross from a very unsavoury tabloid propaganda machine  !
Press drones
Time to leave. No one trusts America anymore.
Is that russian ship still uk waters ?
How can russia get drones over but yet a auditor gets ground an pounded by police for flying legally avove a building 😂😂
If wasnt for NATO and its lust for power this war would have stopped on march 2022
Have you signed the petition??!
Over 2.7 million signatures and rising!!
Labour are a disgrace let’s get them out!! 
👍🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
UK: "We can attack Russian cities with Storm Shadow missile and attack you with our ready 😅 army, but how dare you react to it in sny way!" 🤣🤣🤣
Lets have a proper gander at this propaganda
Was the title written by someone whose first language is not English?
You sure they're not Starmer's word police drones listening to see if you said something that could hurt someone's feelings?
Utter BALLS !
This is just another excuse to blame the Russians for something. I want to see any evidence or proof.
ATACMS are not "Long Range" they are short range!
Sorry did you just say maybe 😂😂
It’s uk fault why uk has saport Ukrainian now uk people is getting karma’s because of government uk should not mass with Putin everyone knows that and still they are poking Putin don’t blame Putin it’s our fault if you give one blow to someone do you think he will spair you now we have to suffer because of uk government that’s government to put our lives in hell
Where r they flying the drones from?
Russia has right to defend itself
I smell BS 🙄
A swarm of one drone !  Some propaganda videos are so obvious !
The extra recon is due to sudden increases in equipment and personell movements.  The fact that these bases are US and UK nuclear equipped should be raising the question of why these changes are happening, and whether the UK public deserve to know what is happening on their families doorsteps.  The US military are perhaps the next set of immigrants to have their presence and influence in the UK questioned.
This is bs doesn’t even make sense
Take the City of London out of the UK and it is a third world country. It's per capita gdp puts it below Portugal, Spain and Eastern bloc countries like Poland. Why does it still imagine it is a super power?
It’s meant to be a war and there playing eye spy with one another 😂😂
Bakit kayu ba hindi rin nag plano ipapatay si VP Sara? Sa tutuo lang sagutin mo pls, nag tatanong lang.
It's probably some of those auditor types. 😂
Very sad when you can't believe or trust what you hear anymore.  So many lies...
They're not drones.
Interesting that much of the aerial footage in this video was captured by a drone doing exactly the same as is being alleged in this video. 😂
I think the russians are identifying possible targets to strike
It's our friends from deep in the earth's crust!! YEP THAT'S WERE THEY LIVE!!!! WATCH THIS SPACE FOLKS
Лжецы
This report is complete rubbish.
My coffee wasn’t up to scratch this morning and I blame Russia!
The US Airforce knows who's launching these drones.
You can't jam an AI drone it is effectively pre programed.
Fantastic drone footage of the US airbase you are showing...
They have other usa airbase close to Russia. Why all the way to Uk
Well it's not pootin he famously doesn't trust modern digital devices! His phones on his Kremlin desk are vintage early 80s😂
All it is, is UK citizens with Drones being nosey
These drones are a warning, twice tgey could have disabled, wiped out these bases,  tine to rethink the bombing of the world.   However these are far less deadly than the storm shadow were flying into Russia.  Only time until drones are replaced with something similar to what we send over there
The drone act incoming - no persons or persons in front of persons may attempt or may not fly a drone that may or may not look like a drone - contrary to this offence a persons if liable for prosecution- same old same old brainwash first then bring out act after act
Probably mini jet fighters being piloted by small north Korean troops
you're telling me that they can't intercept drones from Russia and you're telling me the distance from Russia to the UK these drones have a perfect signal to operate... come on UK government why the fear mongering on its own citizens
Will butterfly nets help to catch the drones? We'd love to see them.
Wow, no sensationalism from The Sun? I’m shocked. It’s Gatwick all over again. Where is the evidence?
How easy to take drone down, and they haven't done it, just for sake of investigation, spying drone on military bases, and just letting go,and scraching theirs heas after.or maybe, or maybe. REALLY?.
More fear mongering crap.
What a ridiculous headline which is all I needed to read because the rest was clearly going to be  sensationalist BS for the dimwitted.
Lies .. 😂😂
And respond is?😮
All this for cheaper gas😂
Russian  👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮👎👎👎
aliens
Putin should be reminded that an attack on one NATO state will,by treaty , be treated as an attack on all
Not Russian, Chinese.
😂😂 Yeah okay, you're gonna have to put something a bit stronger that sewage in the drinking water for people to just believe the government anymore
There are US airbases in the UK???
Nonsense to further drag the UK into the war. Ukraine needs to be helped with peace, not war. Think about it...
UAP
Well, the Sun Broadcasting the locations of the parked aircraft on a military airfield wouldn't help the military case 😂
Goebbels style Propaganda machine of warmongers: The Sun
So UK is attacking everywhere outside of its territory, then get everything attacked within its territory…….😢
Drone drone drone drone says the sun 💤💤💤💤💤
How can this happen in United Kingdom??? Big security breach
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂🎉🎉🎉🎉😂😂😂
Next they’ll say the Chinese are spying on them. While both China and Russia having spy satellite that do just as well.
What utter rubbish, get a life
Tic tac..
Santa's new delivery service is in jeapordy!.
Is this means we are at war
Langley Air Base in Virginia also has drones. Interesting
toys fore the boys
Total BS. How can they say they are Russian without proof. People are not stupid anymore. Show proof first and stop reporting unconfirmed crap.
Ramp it all up against Russia whilst we are involved in genocide. If they think young people are going to sign up for a war that has more to do with American companies on the stealing of Ukraine’s resources, they are fooling themselves. Conscription you might ask, when there are no prisons for those to refuse, you don’t have much to frighten people.
Well there are the places the nukes aren't going to be at then ?
Now all join in with the “Shirk Mantra” From Ukraine…by Ukraine…By Ukraine for Ukraine.
little britain's Real Enemy, Rubber Boat People. Not Russia.
i am here from the government to help you  !!!!!!!!!
the push to control your drone starts here ,more gov poo poo
Next FAFo..🗽💨💪🏾🔊🔊
You mean UFO, can't seem to catch the proof ...💥
They are flying a bloody long way then who makes the batteries for them
Departments are being asked to find cuts in order to pay wages, the navy is having to get rid of ships, businesses are being taxed into bankruptcy and people are being left to freeze because they can't afford the sky high bills! We can't afford to fund a war with Russia. We are left with the damage that Brexit has caused, and we have no possibility of fixing that damage within the next 10-20 years! The "Patriotic Brits" (Putins useful idiots) have crippled the country. FFS hurry up Trump! End this war so we can all enjoy some stability, both across Europe and Russia
You forgot to say launching from Ukraine targeted by UK  and USA get it right or don't post misinformation
Show us the evidence! This is just propaganda designed to escalate this proxy war. These "journalists" should be ashamed of themselves for pushing for WW3.
Russia don t need to use drone to know where is military base😂😂😂😂😂this country is full whit China people came on holiday they make a lot off picture 😂😂😂😂 I can bet Russia know all the army base 😂
You should open up your boarders to more UK loyalists... Just sayin...
Silliness these drones have a range less than 10 kms
I seen a high speed low flying drone in warminster wiltshire yesterday though it was strange 🤔
DJE is at it again.
Great footage of London recently.
If he attacks the UK will have nato and the most well trained army in the world and the sas
Why should it necessarily be Russian drones? Why could it not be the doings of Iran?? Iran has just as much a cause for sending out this swarms as Russia.
Report filmed by flying drone over base 😂
UK WONT STRIKE BACK BECAUSE THE COUNTRY IS RUN BY ISLAM INDIA & BLACKS THE 3 CULTURES WHO SUPPORT PUTIN BRITAIN IMPORTS ALL MIGRANTS & ILLEGALS THOUSANDS OF RUSSIANS ARE IN THE UK READY TO STRIKE LIKE ISLAM IS
Of you can't catch them and you don't know what they are howncan you say they are russian our country is making alot of enemies
We’re is the proof?  This is just more BS. Scare propaganda to drive there own agenda as usual
Well shut ur mouth if it’s not confirmed
So many fans of autocracy in the comments.    Unimaginative lovers of Putin.   If the Russians can't get some drones in the air to harras the Americans they really don't have much of an intelligence service.
Hmmm 🤔 i think i smell macca
Why would Russia send drones? If Russian, why not capture one for study?  because they are not from earth and Military fears retaliation if they capture one
Did those drone arrive in Dinghys or busses?
iTs a coMPLetE mYsTErY 😂
They are clearly not Russian Drones. Think Rendelsham Forrest incident December 1980
Just goes to show how many sleepers Russia has around the world
Similar to what we heard before we invaded Iraq, a mass hysterics everywhere in the media.
😂😂😂swarms?
Anything to make russia the global enemy and the real enemy is within our own government
No evidence but look at the headline Russia targets us Airbase
They live
They lie
We can all see the west want Russia gone so they lie lie lie. Which means the leaders of the west want ww3 to go with there planned nwo
Grow up constantly threatening the UK Russian BOTs, and anyone from UK supporting this hype were coming for u
it seems u are the suspecious drone pilot haha
Washington trying to set the stage for WW3
Causing as much conflict as possible before Trump takes over
Провокация МИ-6
What do they need drones for when they have satellites?
Putin in UK
I believe in Europe and world...than can make strong defence.... and world invest in defence.... and don't let Russian ocupators to make trouble and destroy everything
Utterly ludicrous. No Koreans in Ukraine, British are in Ukraine. Why would the two tier, free gear, harm us in uk by the rusty bear? It’s well known rusks fly over North Sea in uk airspace daily. Why are uk protecting USA, mr t is putting sanctions on uk! He is no friend if he charges uk whilst owning businesses here and expecting uk to protect him.
Sabotage drones over UK airbases. From Russia. I don't believe this story. It sounds contrived. Doesn't make sense, No reason for it. All  Sounds odd
Same thing happened over Stanstead airport several years ago. They never found out who or what they were either.
PARTIZANS DONT WANT TO GO TO WAR PLUS MIGRANT ARMY
Identified
No Doubt , by the BIG RED STARS PAINTED ON THEIR
BACKS saying : RUSSIA ! 🇷🇺
2:01 a science program on tv made an anti drone system on the fly using an infra red tracking camera and a narrow beam rf jammer
Oh no Danny Lindberg 😮 
 Tell everybody at work so their informed 👍😷
No proof. Yet the word 'RUSSIAN' gets to be capitalised in the title.

The Sun just keeps on telling people how stupid it is.
Why wasn't the operators captured ? Can't be far away.
Can't we get TomCruse to sort it out?
David and Goliath
Why are we even considering storing US Nuclear Weapons without any debate or consultation on RAF bases in the first place(?) No-one wins a nuclear war.
Why are we protecting the us air bases?  Get the yanks to protect their own bases.  Or close them.  Why should we protect yanks in any way?  They wouldnt as sown by their past 200 years and the constant badmiuthing from yanks too.
Where r drones coming from geographically?
🇺🇲
Think they meant to spell "Fierce"😂
Maybe to destabilise American bases and thus ultimately target a weakened uk?!
watch it be dj audits and his mates
We've had years of lessons from the Ukraine war now, so we should be well prepared..... But we aren't.
the word sabotage was used with no evidence. B
So no actual evidence 
This is fear mongering 

If the western military is only now blocking drones then there should be an inquiry into military incompetence
Sun always lying and spreading propaganda and hatred.
Couple of teenagers having a laugh round the corner.
Drones shut down Gatwick a few years back - was that the Russians?
Was Biden s turkey lost in witehause!
Carrier aircraft aiCan 5,000 nuclear bombs keep the entire planet 10-20 degrees Celsius cooler for 10 years? Are there any other survival options other than hiding in an underground shelter and eating canned food for 15 years?rdrop swarm drones
What sabotage or attack?
What propaganda? Where is the  proof?
Iran supply russia with super swarn drone.. alqaeda operated it
All according to script. They’re staging for WW III. Warmongering at its finest!
"fear swarms *AS russian..." Learn to English, please.
Uk needs to mind their business and Russia do what they want
Read earlier there was NOTHING sinister about them. !!!
A bunch of teens flying drones they purchased from Temu. Nothing interesting
Spy vs Spy.  Mad Magazine 1960.  Nothing much has changed with military counter measures, except the price.  China/Russia have major programs to capture the military secrets of their enemies (us).  As do we in  the West.  We won’t hear about the good stuff on the internet, as it should be.
Are this Ali express drone’s they go really far….10.000 km
Uk USA using scare mongering tactics to escalate war.....
It’s bizarre why they don’t say the obvious conclusion, Russian operatives are somewhere in the Uk. They’re acting like these drones have flown across Europe
Will be the Americans themselves, "Friendly Flier" they call it.
So the best UK "Drone Dropping Tech" has failed to influence a single drone.....in a swarm of drones😁

I would conclude that we need better "Tech"....or pray that 1 falls on its own. So we can study it.

Sensible move by Russia...if it is them.
Utter gaebage
We can all go out and play drone hunt if we get a legal fire arms  for anti drones. Nintendo might do drone hunt as a sequel to duck hunt
The best counter drone technology 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I don't think it's Russia or human
What a lot of Rollocks...
I'm talking about the deployed 'Boy's Brigade called the RAF Regvarnie... Good a drill...
Sounds to me like a scaremongering story. Probably kids playing with their toys and The Sun being The Sun its probably bullshiiii
Sun reporting living up to its pathetic reputation.
I don’t believe drones flying from Russia , then flying back again, why fly drones to the airforce base , to do what ?
DJ Audits give it a rest 😂
Lies🤥
I can foresee Putin's end if swords are drawn from Europe.
Letting all these immigrants in during this situation with Russia and everything else going on around the world is stupid.
Enforce our shore's send them all back keep our country safe in so many ways doing that.
Soak it up guys 🤦‍♂️
BS! 🤦‍♂️
Always Russia involved 😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅, funny 😹
We dont buy it anymore! Whats actuslly happening behind closed doors that you so desperately want to fear monger us into not thinking about?
Even if this were true it would seem a response to a provocation by the UK and the US.   It’s one thing for us to have been supplying weaponry for defence but quite another matter to have supplied long range missiles.  That’s how proxy wars cease being done by proxies.
Drones? 🛸🛸🛸
Russia!
It's coming world war 3 think i need to invest in a bunker i wonder if the DWP will give me a loan 👀😎🤣🤣
Modern British government is like an evil midget with disease of imperialism. Think about own people first, not about wars you can't win.
MI5 story time for gullible children,WMDs anyone.
Let's say.. Estonia been given nukes by Russians, shoot it at UK. Of course you wont blame Russia? Same logic applies to Ukraine. Stpd media
Then move them out.
We can’t even control or patrol our borders what chance against stuff in the air! Incompetence all over the UK
Just as well Starmer cancelled defence spending to help his Communist mates.
So much media nonsense. Just to hype  support for war against non NATO friends. Like 2014 MINSK lies from EU, USA, UK, NATO. Full of WMD in IRAQ. Such lies by the colonial west.
BS stop the misinformation
False flag, clear as day.
😂
Putler is gay 🌈 sparkly ✨ fairy 🧚
Probably Russian sleepers inside the uk and they probably come on small boats and they probably living in a hotel so probably flying it from there 🤣 only in the uk
I see plenty strange stuff at night now over my house in Norfolk.UAPs,
Funny everything is Russias fault just before Trump gets inorgerated in January. Stop being gaslit people. You fell for the jabby jabby, dont make the same mistake.
Spoken like a robot.  Does he speak to his family like this?
War dogs are making up stories. Maybe Nikki's handiwork.
Is this “journo” one of gods chosen….
what do we expect when Heir Starmer is helping to send missiles into Russia?
Have some pride and dignity in your work that puts food on the table. Report news not propaganda or get another job.
Death star is better. Could be over in a blink.
Some guy practicing for his drone show is sweating bullets right now
UFO’s have always been spotted around nuclear missile sites
'swarms' ??? sure
What if they carry chemicals virus.
YOUR SAYING THE SAME AS WHAT YOU SAID IN 1980 AT RAF BENTWATERS..
What evidence supports claims of Russian involvement? It appears that mainstream media is collaborating with political elites to generate public support for a heightened military engagement in Ukraine. There is a systematic effort to depict Russia as a principal adversary to the current administration, thereby framing it as an impediment to national security. This narrative effectively rationalises the deployment of young soldiers into active conflict zones, serving to further imperialistic ambitions and reinforce U.S. military supremacy and hegemony in Eastern Europe.
By Starmer 😂😂😂
Is 100%logistically is Russia 😂😂😂😂😂 nato and USA scared Russia
Send American planes back before trump gets in and has UK nukes. Use wind power, water power and forget oil then Russia has no interest in UK. Get USA out now before they destroy us all
By horse and carriage 😂😂😂
To the sun news stop spreading BS 😂
It’s the battle of the Drones 😅
How can a drone fly from Russia to the UK. Then fly back to Russia.
Agents in the uk.
I smell 💩 💩
I guess, if a man lives long enough he gets to hear it all. Russian, ya right.
ATACMS ballistic missile and Storm Shadows cruise missiles with a range less than 300km are "long-range"; Russian ICBM with range of 3000km is a "medium-range"... someone is exaggerating a little or dont know what they are talking about.
Are you awash with spies with toy drones?  Lasers.
geez,dont give them any ideas eh
good ol mach 35 drones that take 500g turns.
slava BRICS!
After Putin successful tested Oreshnik in Ukraine, the west always report/talk nonsense/rubbish  in YT😂😂😂😂
Mystery drones; wonderful
Better than Russia doing this would be the Brits sabotaging all this material.
Try journalism.
This 5 eyes aggression  for its American and City of London led Neocon corporatocracy is sold by these vassal MSM lies and propaganda. It will result in Armageddon. 

The people haven't voted for it and there's no threat except from the Western cabal.
Liar
fear drama love it
WHAT A LOAD OF BULL 😂😂😂 HOW DID THE DRONES MAKE IT FROM RUSSIA? 

SOUNDS LIKE TO ME THERE TRYING TO MAKE AN EXCUSE TO START SOMETHING. GOOD LUCK CAUSE THE PEOPLE WILL NOT FIGHT FOR THIS COUNTRY OR STARMER
those drones must have some range  , may be its the aliens hey hmmmmmmmmmmmm
This is hilarious
If we’re only worrying about this now, it’s already too late.
Russia about to bite more than they can chew
Why tf are there so much russian propaganda in these comments
I do not want Britain involved in a war with President Putin.  We do not have anywhere near enough capability to fight the Russians and my son will not be signing up before every Pakistani in the land has gone to Ukraine to fight.
Bualan di luar nalar? 
Media kehabisan fakta☺
Here they go again. False flags to justify war with the bear. The sun please yr not reporting real news just twaddle.
No Russian drones found ?
This propaganda is right up there with Israeli hasbara.
Imagine being a Russian military man telling a potential date that he worked on the troll desk while the actual men were on the front lines 😂😂😂😂
Mildenhall dosnt have nukes 😂
Next move: UK's citizens prohibited from operating drones.
😂
Oh shut up
Pathetic fear mongering

If you understand anything about nukes , you'll understand why they can't just "go off " even if attacked
The propaganda starts now. First they will discredit Russia. Then create panic in the masses of a Russian threat. Then declare war or deployment if British troops. WW3 is here.
Sensation Kremlin propaganda ,B.S.
The push in media for russia to be responsible for everything, as an excuse for war would be hilarious if it wasnt for the fact its clear there agenda is war.
utter crap
Probably kids messing about? Plane spotters (I'm one myself) having 'spy' on what's in at the bases???? If so, nuisance and shouldn't be happening.
Think logically the Russian has changed the drone warfare in Ukrainian they have developed a anti jamming drone system so the drone can’t be defected you guys need to watch the news what’s going on we won’t be able to jam that drone if it’s Russia that’s behind the spying
There are plenty of Russian supporting country residents and pro-Palestine people in the UK and illegal immigrants possibly criminals ⚠️‼️
Any wonder?? Now UK and US is now at war !!! 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Well theres a surprise, starmer the halfwitt wants to send missiles in to russia, what do you expect from them ,boxes of chocolates mabe ,its frightening the level of intelligence coming out of this guy
Its not your " enemies ", these are the British People, who are against their Criminal Government and the United Snakes hegemony!!!!!!
ALL B.S I’m glad I’m not alone with my thoughts!! Think out side the BOX!!❤❤😊😊
Great movie
Who is pushing us to a war ??? Biden or Putin ??
This is all down to.  Biden. Ans stamer.   There fault. They allowed there. Weapons.  To be fired. Into. Russia.  Thangs to them if we. Have a. War.
F35s have been flying over my house tonight. If there were drones airborne the air craft would have been grounded!! In case of collision .??
Putin is in  a not good behavior... Its stupid moves to sabotage military bases etc. better be ready rather than a madman on the loose🤡🤡🤡
Where are they being launched from? How are Russian agents getting free reign to launch drones from our country?
Chinese collusion - made in China, advertised on YouTube, sold on eBay, launched in some kids back garden....😮
So comrade 2 tier kier authorised British missiles being used in ukraine and now we're "surprised" that Russia might be retaliating. Dumb doesn't even begin to cover it.
Hilarious £6.99 temu drones has worlds super power quaking init's boots. I think if the local jails have jammers around them im sure US Bases have it covered. 
Please gave us some real news
😂😂😂😂😂
Its a con
Starmer needs to step down before he starts ww3
Im sorry the us has no right to store there nukes or any nukes at there bases here in the uk this island  doesn't  belong to the usa just be lcouse we are a part of nato does not mean they can use uspas puppets for a another war the us probably  wants
M.Flynn: "Immediately dismiss Biden - Leads us to World War III" | ,
In short, the former National Security Advisor is referring to a huge criminal organization like "SPECTRE" (for those who watched the James Bond movies), which actually rules the United States and serves its own interests, not those of the country.
Interests that may even demand the destruction of the planet in a nuclear conflict in order to prevail over the radioactive remnants of Humanity.
In the end, the retired general asks everyone to pray for January 20, the day Trump takes office.
As he characteristically said, this madness in Ukraine must stop before World War III becomes irreversible!
Nhi are tracking every active nuke ATM ,make of that what you will.
Wouldn’t wipe my arse with the sun let alone read it.
Why does a foreign power have bases in our country.
Wow 4k miles on one Duracell AAA
Come England
Change dron licence to non out on the air.
Target any dron around 10/20 miles away from base's.
(You know better, put this on real life).The Technology you got start use it  ,special around your Great Britain 🇬🇧
 Your Own Country Protection Nr.1
The sun is a propaganda machine and has no shame.
Ha ha ha. 😂😂 “ amid growing fears of…….”😂 please state the names of the people who actually afraid and within whom this fear is growing so Russian is flying DJI drones thousands of miles drones dodging firstly Ukraine and all the billions of dollars of anti aircraft that auntie drone technology then the rest of Eastern Europe followed by Austria Germany Belgium and Holland finally flying over the North Sea Into East Anglia. I must rush out and buy one. I don’t need the drone but man that battery life is fantastic.i’ll use it to power my Off-grid cabin
waw so if drones get this close we are rucked if nucks come
Why USA has 13 military airbases in the UK?
UK SHOULD NOT BE PLAYING WITH FIRE. WW3
Fat Pigeons
Что
Swarms of AI drones.
It's scary.
Stop using words like fears, be responsible!
THE UK IS CAUSING THIS. THEY POKED THE BEAR. STARMER YOU RAT
Probably birds
Lol fool
Russians have to be in the country and nearby to use them right? Lol.  And you can’t tell me these drones are so hard to shoot down. Come on Lol
I think you are talking from your posterior. Given we are supposed to be primed for WW3, but you can't spot a bunch of drones near a military base? Oh dear.....  C-  must try harder.
Source: trust me bro
We should stop giving weapons to Ukrain
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha . Drones from Russia in the UK. ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Of course there are.
These drones are not from Russia we have more chance getting invaded by aliens than we are Russian spy's with drones
dont get sucked in. we have laser weapons that could wipe out these drones
If Putin was to offer 50% reduced energy costs, he’d have half the country vote for him
Full of jingoistic speculative crap !
Putin sat in Russia with his joypad 😂😂😂😂😂
Load   of  RUBBISH  ARE  WE  SO  STUPID  TO   FALL   FOR  THIS,    my   car   would   not   start  this   morning,   I  think   Russia   may   be   involved.
Could this be a precursor to a false flag operation?
Starmers done wonders in 4 months 😑
Wait and see what will happen in EU and UK soon. Russia is not Afghanistan or Irak. They have the same technologies as NATO does and some of them are even much more advanced. This was an attack by NATO on Russia. Idiots!!!
When you dig into this story a bit you find that there is nothing to indicate Russian involvement but that this has been happening for months in the US stretching back to 2023. Langley, Edwards, Navy Seal HQ and an unnamed nuclear base near Vegas have all sighted these 'drone swarms'. Remember the balloon that flew half way across the US before being shot down? Just a suggestion but why not shoot down one of these drones and see if it has Made in China written on it.
The biggest threat against us is our own government.
Probably these so called auditors...
What is a long-range missile? – The hysteria about ATACMS and Storm Shadow,  - Anders Puck Nielsen, u tube
The sun is basically the most trashy lousey propaganda maker the uk mainstream media has 😂
We in the UK have  had drones flying around airports in the past, in fact previous instances not that long ago lead to changes in the law and requirements for drones over a certain size needing a licence to fly and markings to identify them. All this piece amounts to with no data is propaganda... "it's the Russians, it must be the Russians, Bad Russians!"
Aliens
This is total horse 💩! All UK airports and military bases have counter  drone technology, and GPS blocking systems in place which prevents drones entering secure airspace.
Atacms Is Not Long Range, Wise Up!
Please dnt mess with russia i dnt wana get nuked besides nobody respects our prime minister to fight for him
How many times has our government told the people we are under threat just so they can start a war somewhere....
If you live on the Norfolk coast you know when the jet fighters go up, day and night. They have been up again and busy .
Over a week ago we thought we were being invaded, a squad of jet planes flew of the town, and the whole town shook. Even made the daily rag.
Is it me or is the grammar correct?
Shut up!! 🤣
Starmer is a communist! He wants this!
If they are Russian, why can't they shoot them down?

Incursions over bases yet somehow they can't do anything about it in both the US and here?

This seems bigger than Russia.
I wonder why this could be happening its not like Starmer has been provoking this 😬
Britain should stop interfering in other countries, and instead focus on improving its own economy.
no body cares
The west let Putin GROW BIG and FAT .... no politicians had the far farsightedness to recognize this regime ....
So far so good.
Probably kids
As IF Ivans sky bots are active over Lakenheath etc, grow up, just locals messing about.
Self inflicted security issue. Allowing Russian persons to work and live in our country. What do you expect from our total lack of security. We deserve our arses kicked. Alongwith all the boat arrivals for years. Tottally self inflicted, look to Parliament...... Past and present.
Sorry but why are UK troops being deployed, they have their own security.  Perhaps there are things going on at the bases is perhaps plane spotters , journalists etc are trying to find out about building up of planes ready for NATO strike on Russia
The headline is a bit dramatic and anyway russia have satellites if they want to look at us bases funny they haven't been seen at RAF FAIRFORD!!??
Allies don’t need drones unlike Russia, we have satellites that can tell if a Russian sentry has dandruff or uses head and shoulders!
BS
How is this happening and where have they come from
Oh dear, don't look at satellite pictures, when we can send drones from  Russia, it's a wonder UK never scrambled the RAF to intercept them
Of course, i always consult The Sun as my go-to news source whenever I want to find out if something is true or not. And I'm not a loony at all.
least its not missiles raining down,,,,,,,,yet
Lies and more lies
Joe Biden is a disgusting man he has caused all this mess
If you’re not sure who is behind the drones why even put RUSSIA in the title? 

Here’s another title for you; ‘The Sun suspected of fear mongering, propaganda and misinformation.’ 

One title is speculation and the other is the truthful.
Blame Russia for everything without any root whatsoever, the title makes it look like it is definitely Russia FFS I'm really getting tired of being told who to hate by the MSM and the government it's literally pathetic 🤬
Probably unloaded them from that Russian ship that was stuck offshore. 😂🤣
Propaganda BS to get people (the stupid ones) more accustomed to a possible attack on mainland Britain. Probably also to test the water to see how much the stupid people will just consume media without checking.
So we only have hearsay that small drones are flying near American airbase and we have to look for the Baddy of the moment. FFS get a grip
DJ Audits
Ukraine gave the Russians idea of using drones...
On another note frankly does anyone believe the media anymore 😂
On another note frankly does anyone believe the media anymore 😂
False flag incoming.
Hopefully the U.S. takes action before the treasonous goes into the office. He is a disgrace to the United States
UK fear is growing why? Supporting USA is nonsense because if something happened the  will far to be reach... remember having USA military base in your country is a big risk to sink because they aren't that strong we may be thinking please close that military base let them deal with their problems themselves they will never help us if things goes wrong unfortunately.
Drone seen in London
Dont mess with the Rock Apes
Yer right 

Fear fear fear 😨
Putin has warned the uk and USA about giving Ukraine the go ahead to use long range missiles on targets in Russia, Biden is a idiot to give the green light on this. Russia is now eyeing up targets. Biden will be responsible for WW 3. I hope Trump talks to Putin. Starmer is like Biden are stupid. I don’t agree with Russia invasion but to start a Nuc war is insane. Obvious NATO would respond.
Rubbish
Are they serious about those things protecting a nuclear base? Omg, the Russians must be laughing their heads off.
Our government are the baddies.
The only war anyone in the UK is interested in fighting is against the immigrants.
Wow. They really are clutching at straws. Next they will blame attacks from illegal aliens on Russia 😂😂
B S
Expel ALL russians from the UK NOW. And NO more visas for the fascists.
1:40 looks like short-circuit character number 5 , number 5 is defending us nuclear base. We're all safe ☺️
I wasn’t aware that Feltwell airbase was still active.
How can us have airbase in uk? Did uk have airbase in the usa?? Soon nigeria should have airbase also in the uk.
Best get them free drones off temu
I live in Ipswich, not far from 2 of these bases, I’m off to Lidl tomorrow to fill up my freezer
YOU POKE THE BEAR 🐻 SO WHAT DO YOU EXPECT 😏
This is the worst title, wtf
Britain is an American base, and the real drones are in that place you call parliament taking in to another peasant culling war of the upperclass crass.
Looks like he is coming.   😢
Why you always quick to blame Russia? We get tired of propaganda and narrative stuff…🇬🇧🇬🇧
Stop with the propaganda bullshit...i thought these sites were protected with anti drone drones...can't trust MSM.
I believe the Dragon Fire laser is operational in a limited way, would this not be a good testing ground?
The comments from the Russian bots. 😂😂😂 They really are hilarious 😂😂😂
US bases should not be in the UK !
There’s no pictures of these drone swarms? Why? There’s plenty of people wandering about with camera phones, even outside these bases. There’s usually a gaggle of them on the road at the end of the runways. I’m pretty sure a drone ‘swarm’ should be quite easy to track, I mean the run out of power and have to go home.
Did they fly from Moscow to the United Kingdom?
Ufos not from this world
If drones are flying over why are them not being shot down
It’s probably the UK…😂
I don,t think it is anything to do with Russia in fact all cia and gchq bases are probably being watched by uap,s or the old exspresion ufo,s , i observed one recently near a base and it was nothing humans have got and i have seen alot of aircraft it was stealthy and let me see it and silent and could move instantly.
Laughable drones powered by what exactly - who ever made up this load of nonsense needs sacking immediately as you the sun are the terra it’s
Obviously not Rus, just more fear mongering. These drones have been intercepting military bases for quite some time all over the world. If you haven't already, ask yourself WHY military are unable to intercept, identify, or take down these drones. They're supposed to be military, yet they allow these to circle their bases doing whatever they're doing. UAP until proven otherwise.
FALSE ALARM !!!! OMG THE SKY IS FALLING !!!! MUST BE SELF ASSEMBLING NANO BOTS !!!!!
Not confirmed also, Adds it right into the title to confuse people.
UK AND USA THE MOST CRIMINAL COUNTRIES EVER IN THE WORLD!!!
its incredible how 8bn people can be fooled by WORDS, drones instead of ufo.. good job granma would not notice
The sun only wants to warmonger
The USA and UK are firing the missiles into Ukraine, check fast jets channel. Stop spreading nonsense that Ukraine is programming and firing the missiles.
If they got that close.. we are genuinely screwed..They are Obviously surveying the best possible damage on targets..  We are Letting Enemies fly remote control Airplanes into our airbase' without annihilating them immediately.. Unfathomable.
😂😂😅
Yet more lies and propaganda
Who saw them, where are the pictures. If there were swarms it was hardly a covert operation.
Media lmao, you lot are finished hurry up and get us a goverment who can get on with Trump.
And they expect us to believe this 😂
Russian are toothless
Err no !
I heard them
Is UK also has a military base in the USA? if not it's very stupid to support USA to remain a  strong man in the word unfortunately 😊
This Channel is WEST PROPAGANDA NEWS .... Isn't it ?
This is Aura for Aura atp. It may sound off topic but I chanced on this cool translator that does everything and more of what a translator should have, name is Immersive Translate and one thing that can really help is it’s new feature, which lets you create a custom AI expert for translating anything. Thank me later, it's gold.
Slava Ukraine!
Viva Ukraine
Feel sorry for Ukraine
I'm ashamed of my country's participation in this war. God forgive us
Russian guys laugh and sing 😂😂😂
Some married women are begging for half this dose. Woman, you are lucky.
Why make sure they are equipped? Why enter a war that isn’t even NATO. I get it now. It’s a fight for your money invested under the table and power. CROOKS
What a load of nonsense. I don’t know any English person who gave a toss about Ukraine before this, yet you promise them 3 billion of our cash per year. Leave them to it, they got themselves into this mess, let them find a way out.
все это детские игрушки. пусть детки играются. Взрослые дяди из России покажут вам свои игрушки. Кстати, как вам одна из них? Орешник? 🤣🤣🤣 ну самые интересные еще впереди! ждите
One month to go if putin did not change or stop war he is getting out of Russia.
Ucrânia tem manda mais drones todos os dia sem trégua, russia tem sofre na carne também slava ucraina
I wish blacks in America were this intelligent
Young dudes film and laugh, they are just young dudes who dont need a war. A senseless one at that.
Most Atacms hit Russia lies
Karma! Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Putin started this insanity, Putin should stop it.
Russian terrorist Putin kills civilians and Ukraine attacks Russian military targets and oil facilities. Sounds as though at least 5 hit that facility.
У кого то ещё остались сомнения что Украина государство террорист? Оружие запада используется в террористических атаках на мирных жителей. Не удивляетесь если ракеты полетят на запад. Все кто поддерживает режим Киева , поддерживают террор
Зачем стрелять по гражданским объектам в России?
Glory to God almighty protect ukraine military forces in Jesus christ name Amen🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Disband nato now !!!!
The Russians seemed to think the strike was hilarious.
nato imdiat join Ukraine ❤
Putin its going to be over
Jeez....
Russia will long regret starting this war.
,Whats the heck is going on!!!...Ukraine experts found on north korean electronics missle circuits designed in USA  and constructed in china..malaysia..russia and korea...are our military missle secrets being sold to those countries by holders top secret files holders like Biden  Obama...and earlier presidents???
I can’t believe really want war. The world change accept and let us continue without problems sick people.
thumbs up
i hope you are all stocked up on goods because THIS IS WW3 AND NON OF YOU SEE IT?
普亭總統是否要思考變成路西佛
Russia will respond to this, and then the Western media is going to be crying and wailing about more "Russian Escalation" you'll see.
Ucrania esta jugando con fuego real todo por el payaso de zelenski
They will be sorry !!!
They where NOT STORM SHADDOW!

WOULD OF BEEN MASSIVELY MORE DAMAGING EFFECTS THAN THOSE LITTLE 5LBS DRONES. 😂
I wonder when Putin will understand war will not work. All. Russians want to be free. Without Putin they can all be free.
The USA has the largest foreign debt in the world
Democrats trying hard to start WW3 and stop Trump from cleaning house
If you're cheering for Ukraine as this attack worked. No it's not. Try escalate it like this, the war will never end. Fkn stupid. The only ones that benefit from this are those US military companies.
Лондон получит свои законные Термоядерные Мегатонны.
I would be in hiding if I was Russian truly.
Useless man.....who are you deceiving? Putting is calling for negotiations and you are the ones not even talking and calling for negotiations. LIARS....God is watching you....
Putin is simply a psychopath. He will be gone soon at the hands of the FSB. He has weakened his country and it's mythology to an all time low.
Scare mongering for the establishment again are we The S"p"un newspaper
west is losing power globally there getting so desperate that there pushing for nuclear war
Kaluga Oh- BLAST!!!
£3 Billion for bombs to kill, but cuts to pentioners heating allowance that would otherwise save life. Sums this goofy character & the vile goverment up completly.
Ooooo. Die Russen haben eine Drohne abgeschossen und es läuft alles nach Plan 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂die haben glaub zuviel Vodka getrunken 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Путин не врет, удар по НАТО точно будет...  Тогда и вся европа плакать будет, когда 3 мировая наступит
Notice how the Ukrainian military’s primary targets have been military bases and oil fields and have not implemented scorched earth tactics against Russian civilian houses/apartment buildings, schools, churches, hospitals, business centers, street markets, etc.? 

Even in the instances where there were some civilian casualties in a targeted area, they were never the intended targets. Not to mention the fact that when Ukrainians entered the civilian areas of Russia’s Kursk region, they didn’t maliciously gun down innocent civilians unlike what the Russians did to civilians in Bucha and other towns in Ukraine.
Everyone needs to go to table or else we are all toast. Stop this senseless war😊
Putin is attacking Ukraine with foreign weapons, so now he is reaping what he has sowed.
God willing this ceases—it’s truly insane and demonstrates deconstructive mentality on both sides…
Russia will be a hole in two years….economy broken and citizens leaving in droves. Who wants to live there….hell.
Господи Иисусе Христе сыне божий Прости и помилуй нас грешных!!!!
SMH...... NO WORDS..... MY LORD..
Nonsense war. Hopefully they realize life is important to the family
Ingin segera melihat berita tentang ICBM di Kiev 😁
It is US and the west fighting Russia.
Kremlin spokesman:our s400 shoot down successfully 100 out of 50 drones 
Journalist:what happened too others 50 drones 
:we captured them successfully with own hands
As usual The Sun and the headlines LOL!!..
America's cowardly way of fighting Russia.
Did this stop the russian advance tho ?
trump is coming to finish this war just wait guys.
Russian oil refineries wil continue to go boom until Putin withdraws his troops and stops attacking Ukraine. Russian civilians  are  beginning to realise this but it will take a bit more time for the penny to fully drop
Los Ukranianos son muy Valientes
"with US missiles" what about "with North Korean Soldiers" because this unprovoked invasion of Ukraine has been going on for years
how dare a country defend itself!!!
Ukraine and the world should stand up to Putin.
ATACMS that contain bomblets burst open in the air releasing the submunitions which may account for claims of being shot down when they actually were not.
I thought when they defeated HITLER they were the good guys?
Biden and his administration are insane. They will start WW3 right here. for absolutely nothing
Why target Russia's oil refinery as a defence ? Ukraine was already targetting Russian oil refineries, it's part of what started the conflict that preceded the invasion which is now escalating to war, do people not learn with their eyes and ears anymore? How does one make a point to a blind deaf fool these days?
Does Putin really thinks U.S and NATO is afraid of his so called new missiles 😂
Calm down and have a cup of tea lads ffs
Are you using Samsung
America is testing it's weapons on Russia using Ukraine. Same using Phillipines on China .
Ukraine "officials" should be charged with war crimes as well as the Biden administration. The amount of pollution this attack made is completely unacceptable, not to mention how close these attacks are to innocent civilians.
"Sun" is the dumbest news ever iv seen. You find everything but real news😅😅😅 real propoganda machine.
🙏🙏🙏✌✌✌
Bravo Ukraina . Don,t be afraid of putin . He is just only human . No mather how strong his weapon is . With the SPIRIT OF GOD , UKRAINA can defeat putin . JESUS CHRIST BLESS UKRAINA .
Russians are built different 💪 the way they laugh and sing while blast 😮   even citizens are not afraid of blast
Oh I tot Russia can not be breach with their defenses😵😵
Latest headline from the mainstream media. "Russia advancing in Ukraine at fastest pace since early months of war" 

Hate all you want, Russia will win this war, and you all know it.
NATO aggression & expansion. Putin was right.
How does Ukraine get long-range weapons when the port of Odessa and roads connecting to Poland, Romania, Moldova and airports with runways of 1200m or more cannot operate?
People in the comments laughing and cheering when ukraine does this but when russia hits back they cry 😂😂
Ukraine hits military targets
Russia hits civilian
Ukraine won before it was all over
Republicans came to power in the USA. These are people who are known for their greed and desire to get rich. They put pressure on the Democrats, which leads some of its members to think about suicide.
Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦
Wars are a terrible waste of life 
Pece if only
It is not "US missiles". Those weapons have been given to Ukraine and it is Ukraine's decision what to do with the tools.
🇺🇦🔱😍✌🏻🇬🇧
HEROYAM SLAVA 🇺🇦🔱✌🏻
These wars are killing us all indirectly with all the smoke pollution damage to the ozone layer
And when Trump defunds the war it’s over for the Ukraine. His weakness will be made into a mockery as he supports Israel’s genocide of Gaza and Lebanon and makes war against Iran for The Greater Israel Project.
В магазине паника Вова палкой колбасы вырубил охранника 😂
Wont be any good until
They drag everyone else into
It .
London, wait. You'll get one too.
There’s goes fuel prices again
Щас ответка полетит и веселые коментаторы уже плакать будут😂Если остануться живы😂
3:43 so Ukrainian drones can hit Russian Targets at a distance of 2 km 200 km or 2000 km??
I wonder. Is Ukraine a beneficiary of COP28? They sure care about the environment.
ウクライナに落とされるミサイルの量と質とを比べると、何の問題も疑問もましてや感慨もないです。
ウクライナ、負けないで❣
Russian news: "All drones were destroyed by men trying to hit them with shovels!"
Please worship the CREATOR OF THE UNIVERSE, THE LORD GOD and try not to worry too much about the differences between the different religions and denominations, try to think about the similarities and the things they may have in common more than the differences. Daily prayer is a fundamental part that many people do not practice although it is encouraged. 

"CREATOR OF THE UNIVERSE, LORD GOD, I beg you to never force me to worship any false god or object and I ask you for forgiveness for my sins and immorality. Thank you for everything. Amen."

Please pray this now, pray the words as you read them if you cannot look and remember them 🙏 and please know that daily prayer will give you the help that GOD wants you to have. 
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Thessalonians 5:16-18
"Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of GOD in Christ Jesus for you." 
🙏🙏🙏🙏
Daily prayer is the key to success in politics and much of life, if only more would practice it 🙏🙏
Slava Ukraini ❤
The Russians just laugh 😮
Salvation found in Jesus Christ alone. If you wanna be save, do Acts 2:38. Give your life to Jesus before it too late.
In the event of WW3, most of Africa will side with South Africa, who will bring us into the Russian side via BRICS. Itll be an interesting war for our colonial masters. If we go nuclear, no one wins. I hope common sense prevails. America should listen to Putin and back down and out of Ukraine.
5:23 What's that? Smoke/Thermal/IR flares?
Putin only needs to leave Ukraine alone to stop these deaths and destruction, but it seems like his pride is more important.
🔰
Yes! Go home Russia! Get out of Ukraine!
kasihan rakyat ukraina menjadi ajang ujicoba senjata rusia dan amerika. negara hancur lebur rakyat jadi tikus percobaan. pembuat senjata tertawa riang gembira di tempat yang nyaman.
Mampos lah lu lepas ni... semua akan hancur Ukraine.... kah kah kah.... Lu ingat lu power sangat ke?
I'd rather not see ww3 and enjoy living a free life. This english politician feller doesn't seem to realize what satan 2 and hypersonic means. WAKE UP.  Putins never going to accept defeat in a mafia state. Our only hope is Trump negotiates and temporarily stops this. IF you have a different view please. Love to hear it.
"How dare the victim fight back"- Useful idiots of Kremlin.
These are not ‘kamikaze’. 

The Sun really is a rag.
Slava Ukraini 🇺🇦🇮🇳
Meanwhile Captain Mayhem, State Farm won't be there.. guaranteed
👨‍🦳✌️♥️🇺🇦🔥🔥🔥🔥Puerto Rico (USA) 🇵🇷🇺🇲
This does not change the situation on the front... NATO is retreating, the Russians are advancing )))
Tiny meaningless fires... lol
All of Europe must get involved in the demand that Russia must stop oil aggressions and stop killing people
Ukraine just started World War III
Pow russia response: im not human
Im not hedgehog
Im... Oreshnik
I swear at this point I think Ukraine is trying to get Russia to strike usa just to get them involved. I hope Putin sees thru this and peace can happen. Hopefully Trump can make it happen.
UK defence minister said UK is ready to fight Russia, 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂👏👏👏👍
the Russians are laughing at Putin, this is crazy
1:08 boys🤟
Ukraine only targets military equipments/personnel while Russia mostly targets civilians in their attacks, this really shows how trash/desperate that Russian regime is...
Blyat
This NEEDS to end
It’s only going to escalate
Deliberately hitting civilian targets is a war crime. They also hit a red cross ambulance. This needs to stop.
ＮＡＴＯやアメリカが参戦すれば世界大戦の様相は呈するが、ウクライナには初めて勝機が見えて来るのではないか。
We are in world war 3.
The GRU are Russia’s largest Tier 1 PMO ground force similar to CIA PMO ground branch. I don’t think they go on camera much. 😂
They are experienced black ops special units trained in covert deniable direct actions like targeted assassinations or “liquid affairs”, government destabilization and sabotage.
Both sides claimed winning. I don't know who to believe anymore
Вы здесь выкладываете всякую херню а РОССИЯ идет вперед.
PUTLER'S STUPIDITY IS THE GREATEST CATASTROHE ON RUSSIA'S HISTORY.
Нарезка видеороликов из разных мест, но на войне бывает всякое. Ну даже если задели завод, что теперь? Теперь молитесь и бойтесь куда полетит ответ !!! 🤣🤣🤣
Deriii
Western propaganda media.
Russia uses Hypersonic ICBM'S to hit targets and Ukraine hits them back with only drones and causes the same damage. Embarrasing
This is nothing but pure propaganda. The person filming all this is making sure no one can see any landmarks or markers, so it's BS.
Madness!
Пока Путин тряпка не 3'14зданет по США орешнеком так и будем ловить дроны .
Jeeeeebbbbbaccccc 😂ot wsio 💩👍👏
Why is Russia attacking Odessa?  Putin said that his goal is to protect Russian speakers, but Odessa is 100% Russian speaking!  That's just one on many LIES and lame excuses given by Russia to justify this senseless, unprovoked war that Russia started.
Xe tăng của Nga và tên lửa phòng không s400 của Nga trong kho đã gần hết và cặn kiện rồi. Cuộc chiến gần kết thúc rồi
why putin so weak this war actually between rusia and US war
How's the 3 day "special military operation" going ???
Wow, what a tactic. Ukraine Launched missiles to the north, while Russia pushes hard to the south. Now Russia has to split resources between north and south.
This needs to stop, 🙂Ukraine is playing as a puppet. It takes only seconds to completely silence the Ukraine.
This is a huge mess. There are no winners except the Military Industrial Complex. All is going to plan.
What is with these corny ass comments?Putin dis putin that. Obsessed with Putin too much these ukraine supporters
That's pretty close to Moscow... 😬
BlackRock likes this.
Poor are fighting.
Rich will cash out.
So, Russia can invade Ukraine with North Korea and now Yemeni fighters but NATO countries can't help Ukraine defend themselves against a much bigger bully ? Putin is such a master at twisting facts and making illusions around the fact that he invaded Ukraine, that people think Russia and Putin are the victims... How ridiculous...
Hey Brits, your sanction don't work, go home, stop pretending you are helping.
Only an utter imbicile like Donald Trump would believe he can negotiate with Putin. Because Trump is weak and affraid of Russia. Someone should let the world know what a weak scared little mouse Trumpy is.
"We might be Russian....but at least you cannot call us smart"!!
Russia has applied for NATO membership three times but has been rejected each time. If Russia had been a NATO member there would have been no war. This is where it is clear who the real war criminals are
Any nukes? Or is it still all a complete snooze 😴
Zlenski need urgent doctor appointment to sort his mental health.
He is constantly provoking Russia,then gets free money from West to cause chaos
Uraaaaaaaaaaaaaaa🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
I wouldn't label them as U.S. Missiles for obvious reasons, I would say expensively acquired missiles or mysteriously acquired .
Every Russian knew that this was a 
"Top Secret plant" 😭😭😂😂
cowards flying drones behind pc's is the lowest a human being can become.
yawn
The Ukrainians have FIRE in their bellies - where the Russians just have VODKA!
Don't tell me Ukraine hasn't been getting ENORMOUS technical assistance from Western technicians! And LONG may it continue. Often it's what we DON'T see that determines the course of a modern war.
We are so close to nuclear war. If they hurt russia and force it into a corner then their military will have bulava flying in
Defend yourself Ukraine
Russia thinks they will invad3 a country and nothing with happen to there people yeah right ukrains men hates Russian men and vise vs
Black brain 😂😂😂😂
Ukraine bombs military infrastructure whilst Russia bombs civilians……
No War! 





Free America 🇺🇸!
Russia will respond!! And that's not good for anyone!!!
Ukraine strikes legitimate military targets inside Russia. Russia retaliates by shelling & bombing residential areas and critical civilian infrastructure inside Ukraine. Putin is a terrorist.
How do they know it's the US?  France and UK are wanting war with Russia     we don't want this
US dan inggris hanya menjadikan Ukraine alat untuk melemahkan persenjataan Rusia.. Rahasia umum sih.😮
WESTERN MEDIA: Ukraine blasts Russian refineries
REALITY: Russia advancing 180 miles per day

WESTERN MEDIA: Ukraine blasts Russian Airfields
REALITY: Russia advances 200 miles per day

Only fools watching this channel and laughing.
Reality is different.
Wlau Ukraine musnah,Russia tak akan menangi perang ini.Russia sekarang berperang dengan NATO.Melainkan Russia menarik Korea Utara Dan China sebagai pakatan perang,Russia takkan mampu hadapi  serangan Dari pelbagai negara
💪👑🇺🇸🇺🇦🇪🇺🇩🇪🏆🏅👏 winner felicitaciones gana  EEUU otan apoyo ucrania contra rusia 🪦⚰️ putin 💀
SLAVIA UKRAINE! @PUTIN THE CLOWN 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
The Young Russian don't even care because it's not there Country it's Putin Country ruled and controlled by one man.
I am ATACMS !
THE RUSSIANS ALWAYS INVADE THER NEIGHBORS
hey you tube hahah you juat banned me for 24 hrs but look i made it back on, hahahabaha FU
Who started the war in the first place? Russia or Ukraine? my question please answer it is still unclear to me.
Something tells me that 8 of 8 reached the spot…. Uff. Biden is trying to start WW3
Did somebody say Oreshnik?
Guys you are giving putin a possible cause to use nuclear weapons 😂
“Badum da dum 😊”
Who else got their bunkers ready for ww3?
Stay strong and safe ❤. and don't let. anyone take what is yours. May GOD   bless all of you  and your President
Russia has to be a little more picky where they down all the NATO assets.
Ukraine is winning !!!
So stupid to mess with Russia.
russians laughing at russia blowing up lol
Bed idea.
....пзц, сколько иди_отов в комментариях, просто диву даешься ))
Get ready for retaliation
NATO  and Ukraine just needs the courage to say surrender to Russia...🤣🤣🤣
It's not funny now that Missiles are coming back. Humanity needs to grow up
What an idiotic futile move. Now there will be ramifications. How long until an Orshenik is nuclear armed?
The vatniks seems scared.
They seems enjoying themselves and laughing out loud.
ukrain will still exist on old maps
Judging by the comments escalation is not a worry.
How the hell does the power stay on after that? Seems a little staged. Someone 10 miles away runs into a pole and mines out 3 hrs. Cmon man.
The Russians said they shot down seven out of eight ATACMS. It sure sounded like more than one got through.
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦💪👊👍🤝
WW3 is now inevitable. So Russia just bluffing the whole time they can't even destroy incoming drones
t Rump will back out support ,watch
👍 👍 👍 👍 👍 Yeeees😂😂😂
An airfield and refinery attacked some drones ?
Ukraine Special Military Inside Russia 😂
Oi¿
A mesma  queima centenas de vezes e continua intacta. KKK
Какая это чушь - Война (Литва)
The little satanic island has started propaganda again !!! You won't get away with FB either because you haven't progressed since 1999!!! If you need help, contact an expert!!!!
the most stupid war ever !
Ordinary Russian citizens can thank their "glorious leader" and his cronies for bringing this to their own back yards. As soon as Russia withdraws from Ukraine, this can all stop.
This was a vodka plant
Strike on Dnepropetrovsk airport: first documented case of F-16 destruction.
There is also information about Odessa, where an underground workshop for UAV production was destroyed.
Putin is the best CIA in Russia.
All drones were destroyed  (of course).
Imagine the Sun telling lies.
This is not true. If it was then ww3 would be happening now. Boycot this trash newspaper for morons
Pick up the pace Ukraine, you only have two months to make up for two years.
So sad you know russia will retaliate ten fold  who knows even in the uk if there storm shadow ...
Russia is the agreesor
Russia is the one making trouble
Russia is under the antichrist
19 minutes, 3 of the new hyper sonic missiles each with 36 warheads (if fitted with nuclear heads) is all it will take to place Britain into a nuclear winter that it will never recover from. And by the looks of the comments most here wan't to escalate tensions with the largest Nuclear power on the planet. Sanctions didn't and wont work just look at the economic numbers Russia is growing faster than any other country in Europe, no one in Russia is going cold this winter no one is without food no one is being taxed out of existence. Take the blinders off and look at the reality before its too late the Government does not care for Britain.
So now putin said he will attack one of our bases, right?
Cmon russian loudmouth, you gonna make a move or just shut up?
I bet you shut up.
Slava 🇺🇦
This is the same video as the one two months ago …..
The Sun telling lies again
The only redemption for this government is  it total support for Ukraine sovereign right to defend it self
Huge satellite falling on Kremlin.....oops...
Putin is screwed.
Slava Ukraine!
that is the real military opp by ukraine not what said by utin
LOL Russians laughing at their own Oil Refinery blowing up.....says it all really eh, even they think its a joke!!
Russia special military operations (war) is nothing more than a land grab AND securing the Sea of Azov all to themselves
In today's world, it is essential to prioritize humanity, peace, and unity. Unfortunately, the current state of affairs is disheartening as humanity is suffering due to unnecessary proxy wars and immense destruction across the globe. Instead of supporting and providing more destructive weapons for evil intentions, the civilized West should remain neutral and work towards building a peaceful, civilized, and dignified world....
😂😂😂😂
When Putin runs out of North Koreans will he ask India for help 🤣
the only way to stop this war is to putin to step-down as president.
It was the Russians that did it after taking time off from setting planes on fire
USA get ready
Ordinary Russians are robbed of living a happy and prosperous life because of Putin's war.
Die Russen die schwindligen Rauschkinder! 😂
Definitely not being shot down they are landing 😂😂
Pea shooters in comparison to what the postman has in return .....US NATO  hasn't learned anything from Iraq Syria Libya Afghanistan Yemen Ukraine...... anothey year another debacle ...... economies in the west  collaapsing to keep azov Banderista nazj junta in power in Kiev....the same nxis whk shelled their own pp. In east Ukraine killing 30,000 before Russia stepped in.....
Ukraine hits mill targets. Meanwhile, Russia continues to hit residential buildings. It's very sad.
it's hard to imagine some (many? most?) people over there still think this is a war betwen Russia and NATO / "the West". ... x). so little strikes (but each of them great and important) have been made on their territory, yet enough to strike fear/concern about the whole thing one would imagine... :). imagine if all "The West" was able to do was blow up a few things here and there though? :q seems like the typical "see nothing, hear nothing" thing, but surely they understand that, coming on to three years later, they are NOT winning the war... at least, not in a non-Pyric Victory sense. :O.
See the Ukrainians attack infrastructure and Military targets. Russia targets citizens. Huge difference
Alles Trümmerteile^^ Russland hat alle Raketen abgefangen^^
funny HT and TOI claims Ukraine, US, UK, France are scared of russia because of that irbm.... but russia keeps burning Hahahaha
This is exactly what they want. And when I say "they", I'm not talking about Russians OR Ukranians...
Ждите ответку!
Putin literally mentioned peace talks more than once and even recently not just back when there was an agreement that got cancelled by Biden. What is really real from either side we wont know until it's too late.
Good bye New York
Putin has turned that side of the world into hell
No checks and balances = only one vision
only one vision = no error correction
no error correction = country's misfortune
Russians should hate their beloved Putin...
Putin, The drones didn’t hit the refinery,
There was a technical fault
Remember when democrats said trump was gonna collapse the economy and start ww3 and hear we are this no accident did you think democrats would go peacefully 😂😂😂
Then again anything this channel reports is right about 5% of the time.
Bro said kawabunga
They used American missles for this? Say goodbye ukraine
What a name, Kaluga 'OBLAST'.
Ждите ответ, покажите сколько и чего уничтожит Россия в Украине.
Скоро будет уничтожина вся энергктическая инфраструктура.
They'll blame it on USA
Sanctions are doing sweet fa 😢😢Russia continues to smuggle weapons spys and cause damage to the west
Молитесь запад на терпение Путина. Уже пол России нажали бы на кнопку, чтобы запад получил сполна за все зло, которое сеет по миру.
Amazing to go through and read all this comments.
Seems like covid jabs are working just fine, brain is just jelly in a bowl😂
When Russia retaliates, and they will, Ukraine president is gonna start complaining and playing victim
Hahahha lets see how russiaresponds
What do you think will happen when Russia responds?
Why do Russia need to contract North Korean soldiers to shoot down missiles with small arms?
It's put putin who doesn't care about his people. They die while he eats caviar. He has made friends with one off the most evil people in the world who in turn is forcing his subjects into Russia to be cannon fodder alongside all the Russian cannon fodder . This war is about one man .sick isn't it
The potential Russian response could be Earth Shattering... Sobering to consider
Запад упорно хочет разжечь мировую войну. Ну что же это его выбор.
Russia said that USA missile system won't work with their new hyper sonic missile. But Russia can't  even stop a regular USA long range missile. Hahahaha Russia you don't want to see the USA New weapon
jetzt noch Taurus und der Russe Putin kotzt!
M9st russian and Ukrainian people dont want war to many young men die bcos of government greed
Putin not going to be happy
Inwardly Russian people hate putting and the war. Had there been no war between Ukraine and Russia, so many people on both sides would have been alive today. Putting and zelensky are both idiots.
Scenes like this cannot be talked around Russians will talk to Russians the truth will get around the TV in Russia cannot lie their way around this. I would like to know what 12 Missiles in one bunker was going for. They dug their way down and they are bunker busters, Russians gone quite about it and thrown distractions. I think they have destroyed a lot of big brass both Russian and North Korean how many do you get in a big meeting. Ukraine must have had intelligence on who what where and when to put that much ordinance on one site. It will come out and I bet it’s really damaging.
Stop War - Make LOVE
Please see, what may in  the future in UK, if Storm Shadows are flying to Russia. Chear up the worst is yet to come. Biden ordered it.
WW3 is inevitable. Putin please 🙏🙏 help the world by stopping the western madness. These guys need Tobe taught a proper lesson.RUSSIA has been patient enough
Наверно страшный ответ будет....
🙏💪🇺🇦💯♥️🇺🇸
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. ✌
How much Money is the Sun and others in the West getting to carry NATO and Uker Propaganda??
🇺🇦🇺🇦🗽🗽💪💪💪
My tax dollars work for everyone but me 🇺🇸
Coitados dos fortalhoes nem sabem como sair da sua própria ratoeira!ah...ah...ah...
Russia just seems outclassed and outsmarted in every way.
3 days special Military of Putin😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
Iba idiot a sociopat sa môže smiať z ľudského utrpenia chudobnych a škôd na majetku, ktorý musel niekto ťažko vybudovať.A to na každej strane konfliktu.
If  all NATO attack inside Russia targeted the nuclear
Wish the military grew enough balls to stop listening to politicians. Just say no to war. Like what are the politicians going to do if they say no?
Here comes more Multi War Head Hyper Sonic Missiles for Ukraine then. First was a Warning. The next batch might be a tad larger. Lammy said the G7 all stand together with Ukraine. But 80% of the World trades freely with Russia.
Slava Ukraine 💛💙
1)Ukraine doesn't have any satellites 2) Uk,US, France are not going to give sensitive missile target programming information to Ukraine for SS and ATACM, this would be done by the country of origin 3) Russia has demonstrated using an IRBM in the battle field (MK11 13,000Kph) but with non nuclear warheads, has maintained that if attacked further with western made long range missiles because of (1) & (2) it will consider such an attack to be from the weapon country of origin.  Do you think that there could be a tiny bit of risk shown in this video, or am I paranoid?
Imagine waking up to such bombing jezus fkn christ poor people.
Three drones were reported as launched  all were shot down. Everything is in order!
Its funny yesterday there where many russians cheering and flag waving . Now all i hear is crickets. Bone heads.
Сколько же здесь идиотов, которые верят этому бреду. " ах  обмануть меня не трудно  я сам обманываться рад "
These corrupt Globalist criminals are going to get us all destroyed-President Trump HELP!
💪🏻🇺🇦🔱
Donald Trump has broken his promise of ending the war within 24 hours of being elected.
Russian spokesman:   “All drones were destroyed in successful action by our buildings.”
This is minor compated to Russia's campaign.
Vive le peuple ukrainien
Putin passes an online test by pressing the "GO BACK" button in Firefox/IE/Chrome and redo the questions he says he missed and pass by pushing the "NEXT" button....
It’s only getting worse for Russia and more punishment will hit the economy till it backs down nato and Ukrainians will win.
They don't need these expensive missiles' these drones are doing the job, see these young Russian guys they hate this war they know its stupid that's why their laughing .
Lol they’re are laughing at at their own demise lol 😂
Encore ! 🇬🇧♥️🇺🇦
Oblast is quite an ironic name
Ukraine his military targets, Russia hits defenceless people, wow cowardice.
Good for Italy , way to stand up ! I’m moving my trip to your country up on my bucket list , tourism dollars will be increasing !  Glory to Ukraine ! Rega4dless of trump we can do this , the world for most part back Ukraine !
This is disgusting, trying to get Putin to take the bait!!
Without US and UK satellites and intel this can not happen . You know that.
Покажите как ОРЕШНИК раздоллбал южмаш.как в сумах раздолбали наемников.Курахово в котле почти.покажите наемника из мелкобритании.повара или ремотника.как они все нацисты попадают в плен и они говорят что они повара иои ремотники.😂😂😂растрелять англосаксона.и отправить голову лиз трас или кто у них сейчас премьер министр мелкобритани😂😂😂😂
Ai the boxig. Ai is trying to calculate
Normal day
The Sun has got to be worst outlet by far. 💆‍♂️
When is this video?
No wonder the British country is in such a state with funding wars and elegal IMIGRATION, we need Nigel Farage as  PM
Special military operation which has been a slow military operation, but end of each day its been a sad military operation which equals one thing. A stupid military operation minus the fact its been a senseless military operation. Then you times the fact that murder is a sin, making it a sinful operation. My head hurts. The earth is flat yeah? Well it will be if the nukes start filling the skies.
They are not US missiles , they were given to Ukraine which makes them Ukrainian missiles. .
Ukraine hits legitimate military targets, russia responds by hitting residential building, and schools. Who's the monsters here? Hmmmmmmm
And they go on about cliiimate change, what a joke, how much pollution are these wars causing,
So thankful that the G7 countries are using their comment to stand with Ukraine and hoping that trump doesn’t try to circumvent these efforts in any way except supporting Ukraine.
now russia can hit ukraine powerplant and ukraine cant say it a terror attack
Special refinery operation
Putin spends huge amounts of money to use high speed and high altitude hypersonic and medium range ICBM missiles and can only hit civilian apartment buildings and other civilian buildings. The Ukrainians use cheap propeller driven “Kamikaze” drones travelling at low altitude and slow speeds and precisely hit specific Russian military structures.
Looks like the main oil distillation complex -- not good for that refinery.
I can’t see Russia having the ability to shoot anything down. Almost all armored vehicles Russia had are destroyed and begging other bad countries for ammunition. Putin bending the knee to countries that one day are going to invade Russia when it’s at its weakest point because of this war. Sad
Ukraine has the right to defend itself!
4:12 Typo - that should read ‘Putin’s feces’
if they say all drones or incoming missiles were destroyed, then all is simple:

russia is shooting onto own land with own weapons.
all us weapons were downed right on theyr target, a russian sourrce saying :)))))
Is Ukraine winning?
That’s a tiny fire. In California that fire is a joke. Just like Ukraine 🇷🇺
Lammy is the minister for pie consumption.
😂😂moron bigmouthed  britain FM bragging "we will sanction Russia and stop shadow Russia shadow fleet not to sell Russia oil"  😃😃😃GOOD LUCK MORON😂😂😂
War always return home!!!! Now get the freak out of Ukraine!! 😤😤😡😡
Come on you EV car drivers and Greta. Why aren’t you out trying to stop Putin and this war. Look at all that carbon going up into the atmosphere
🤪The Ukrainian CHIHUAHUA's strike again 🤣👏👏👏 Making that Russian black gold worth more and more on the International market. 🤑🤑 🤭 KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK BELLENDSKY the clown of Kyiv!!
I❤superUK, slava Ukraini!
S-500 air defense failed again
Putin is a terrorist who constantly threatens the world. He is no better than Hitler and also likes to occupy other people's lands
Criminal
Its OK to use drones made in Ukraine but not OK to use storm shadow ?
0:46 it seems it’s gonna be out of commission for the foreseeable future, they don’t even have their parts to fix it probably because of sanctions
Let me guess the fire was caused by falling debris because they hit EVERY missile? 😂😂😂
Meanwhile, Telegram news channels with links to Russian law enforcement agencies claimed that Ukraine fired U.S.-made ATACMS missiles at a military airfield in the Kursk region. There was no immediate confirmation of the reported missile strikes from either Kyiv or Moscow.
A taste of what Ukrainians have to deal with every day. Get to work clean up the mess. Stop your bullying.
Andriy Kovalenko, head of Ukraine’s disinformation countermeasures center, said the strike hit the Typhoon instrument-making plant, which is under EU sanctions for producing weapons for the Russian military, including Bal-E and Rubezh-ME missile systems.
pięknie Ukraina tak dalej aż do zwycięstwa chwała Ukraina chwała Izrael
Slava Ukraini !
So watt is Hoppening????
Odessa Fuel/Oil Storage Facility. Kursk Airport Civilian, Not Military. More Delusional Reporting via Your Daily Delusional Comic "The Goebbles (Squealer)".
Looks like only a few storage tanks.  But that is still something.
2yrs ago i saw this in a dream but didn't know where it was now I'm seeing it with my own eyes unbelievable 😮
So how much oil taken out.
Ukraine now will not last one month!The West are prolonging a lost cause.
That's NATO drones
Hey, Christ!!! Push the button.
Russia: Captures 60 sq km ina day, and  6 times more territory in the last two months than all of 2023 (DeepState Source)
The Sun: "RuSsIa iS gEtTiNG bLiTzEd"
Don’t play with Vlaad pls
Украинцы титаны ! россия без малейших шансов и никакие орешки, кедры или кокошники 😁 ей не помогут !
Why is UK responsible for Ukraine!?? It has nothing todo with UK. We are making it all far worse, mean while UK Government ignores English born homeless people and elderly who can't afford to heat their homes.
Return the favour blame Putin not Ukraine
Покажите уже южмаш и остальные прилёты,ато опять себе перемог нарисовали
The young russians almost sound elated - they may be drunk I suppose - but I've a sneaking suspicion that they are actually delighted to see anything belonging to putin's regime destroyed. Even by an outside force, it seems almost to me, that tiny mr p has so blighted the lives of the russian people that they're pleased to see him and his 'army' getting battered - he's made damn sure the russian people can't stand up to him, but these attacks are proof-positive to the russian people that he's a paper-tiger - tough-guy with his own people, shredded by Western forces/equipment - this must surely help to persuade russians that he's not indestructible or omnipotent, as he's undoubtedly portrayed himself to be to russians all these years.
TAK DOBRE
💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🇺🇦💪🇺🇸🥰🥰🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉♥️♥️♥️
All these psychopaths who irresponsibly want to get us involved  in this war have they realized the consequences???
Rusia is not Afganistan or Syria and Putin is targeting whole Europe with missiles that can't be intercepted.
We need a petition all over Europe and people decide if they want to go to war or not. Not these idiots behind closed doors deciding for us without us.
Russia is using all kinds of foreign military hardware from other countries
And the real English people will do with out
putin creía que era el rey y que nadie lo atacaría ahora esa es la respuesta
£22bn black hole but they want to send 3bn to Ukraine "a year, every year as long as it lasts" instead of investing it and plugging the missing money. But will happily raise taxes. The fucxing c**ts
Pity this channels.. 

Trump is the new US president elexct despite lying in your polls showing Kamala
russia is actually weak...  if i were to compare to China.
You are still spreading your lies and fooling ukrainjans
slava ukraini
It's going to be a long night for NATO. 😮
O my god they Laughing About it and need to pay for it later😂😂😂
You're all idiots. Both sides!
Russias vaunted Air Defense 😂
Perfekt
Putting is the type you catch trying to steal , but then tries to jump you for calling him out , then he comes back with his brother and then they both get beaten up , but now he’s calling the cops
THEY THINK ITS FUNNY, THEY ARE SO SCREWED 
UKRAINE WILL START HITTING BUILDINGS SURE THE SUN SHINES, POOTIN NEVER WANTED "WIN"
That clownand starmer should be putting that 3 billon pound into Britain to biuld hospital and jails and help getting all the migrants out of Britain and Scotland nobody wonts these people there trouble what about helped Britain i dont care about Ukraine theres not a war in Britain yet
So Ukraine/USA still want to continue this war?
So why is it ok for Russia to attack civilian infrastructure?? Where is the world out cry???? Oh I forgot they are not Israel!!! We only condemn Israel but this is ok!!!!?🤔
Even the Russians are overjoyed!
Zelenskyy in the same boat as Biden. Clowns milking out government for nonsense.
Ukraine doing their best to get us into a nuclear war and dead.
🇹🇷🇷🇺🇹🇷🇷🇺🇷🇺🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇷🇺🇹🇷🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇹🇷🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇹🇷🇷🇺🇹🇷☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️☢️❤️❤️💪💪💪💪🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺🇷🇺
Ukraine will make a nice parking lot
Lammy is a Clown…..
This needs to stop now.
What a pathetic fool of an MP, we doesn't represent the British folk and should be removed from office, like his commie friend Sta?mer!
Don't give in. There must be no negotiations with rashka.
Lammy makes me heave !
It's that old "debris" problem again.
The low iq sun commentators cheer on barely string a coherent sentence together dribbling Lammy , while he gives more of their money away  and puts targets on their backs 🤦‍♂️
The sun is against Russia.
what did expect IVAN ???!!!
Directed by Sun Peckinpah
There is no good reason to continue this 33 year old project called Ukraine. An interesting invention from the Soviet communists, but alike many of their plans also this one is doomed.
❤❤❤❤❤💪✌️✌️💪💙✊️💙🩵❤️💙💙❤️💙💙💛💙🇬🇷🇬🇷🇺🇦🇺🇦🇬🇷🇬🇷.σλαβα ουκρανια
Ukraine is just commiting crimes at this point.
So because Ukraine hits military targets in Russia,  Russia cry's it will start using nukes but Russia hits apartments killing families and kids in Ukraine your just a bad Bully Putin To bad the free world doesn't have leaders Like Winston Churchill an Harry S, Truman . I loved Churchill's speech about never giving up freedom for personal safety.. I can not believe world leaders are doing just like that not one leading today has half the guts of Winston Churchill letting Russia bully you all stop him stop Putin NOW.
it's simple, If you want this to stop, Russians need to stand up and take control of their leadership
Credo che i russi arrostiranno parecchi polli in  quelle fiamme
False news
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦✌✌✌🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Young Russians feel safe because the Ukraine's are aiming at military target's. Russia not so much.
US electronics are still used in russia high tec weapons . They go from the us  to Hong-Kong,  from Honkong to a not sanctioned russian compagnie and from there to the weapon production .
Russian Soldiers are fighting with Shovels. Still or are they now using Sticks ?
I think I the Russians count a shot down missel after it hits its target.  Everyone should I by the that the foot are liars.
they really want 3rd world War.....
This dwarf is in it for the longhaul until he can successfully escalate ofc
Interesting how the non-indigenous American, God bless 'em, thinks he can order around anyone around the globe. The most salient feature of the non-indigenous American is that he firmly believes that not only is he far smarter than the Russian or Chinese, but superior in all aspects. Go figure...
As for the British, no one can beat them in sheer arrogance. A toothless puddle militarily.
Ruzzia fights against NATO,  3 years already,  700000 dead and wounded still NATO didn't arrive yet! 😮
Putin in his bunker crying😅😭😭😭😭😭
RU Bodycount: 732k, 1600+ recently 
 .   ..     . .  .   .,.   . .    .   .     .

2.7M+ RU casualties thus far
2,726,320+ to be exact. .    
.  .  . 
. ,, .. ,,. 
. .
wia:2,044,740+
(Minusrus)
It's just a special military operation
No worries - Blackrock and JP Morgan are salivating at the thought of rebuilding
looks like we will get our third world war before trump comes
Russia fighting against more than forty countries.
Ukraine is so powerful 🇺🇦
they wanted war, so they got war
What comes around goes around!
Putin the coward continues to attack civilians!
Russian people, stop bothering the Ukrainian people!
Гебельс был бы доволен работой The Sun.
Впрочем, чем больше калоедов будет верить в эту пропаган, тем больнее им будет столкнуться с реальностью.
Is it possible that russians are all morons? They laugh about all tha destruction.
Why are Russians so excited to watch this if they're in such fear of Ukraine
This must qualify as 'The most stupid, senseless war' ever inflicted by one country on another.
The Russians still do not realise that the 'falling debris' is actually cluster munitions...
"We will be with Ukraine as long as necessary, obviously until Putin and his new Soviet Union win"
Honey, I think I want to sleep in today. I don't think the shop will be open tomorrow!!
Putin can leave Ukraine if he wants the war HE started to end ❤❤
Slava Ukraini! 🇺🇦
The sun's propoganda never ends.
the world is playing with fire. even if putin is bluffing, do you really want to find out? I personally don't. ukraine should surrender already.
🤦🧑‍🦯🧑‍🦯🧑‍🦯😡 Ukraine and NATO knows Russian is going to strike back.. its not about if but when..
WWW3 is here
While Ukraine bombs military airfields and refineries the Russians bomb civilians......
Nothing but crazyness
The drones were doused out by liquid.  Okay it was oil, and it didn’t quite have the same effect as water
When you hit target, you laugh. And when they hit you back, they also laugh, when can this war stop? Innocent people are dying every day
Anti-terrorist brothers 🇺🇦🤝🇺🇸🤝🇮🇱🤝🇪🇺
زیرساختهای پولساز پوتین را اتش بزنید❤
Here we go into World War III because of irresponsible Biden.  I wonder what cities will get retaliation from Russian missiles.
The funny is the lie of propaganda of the NATO and USA already exposed lol.
Pootin; Oil refinery not hit by drone, we are servicing it, new technology!!
Whatever
*Слава Украине, парни. Держим кулаки за АТАКМС чтобы попадал куда целились. С уважением из Казахстана*
Now Ukraine will cry about being struck when Russia retaliates.
🤔  the Ukrainians have been practising these runway denial weapons on Britains roads.
I don't want to die in a nuclear blast over f*&^ing Ukraine.  It's not a democracy.  No freedom of  religion.  You know the leaders of Ukraine are pocketing most of the money that goes to help the people.  If you want to help the people don't escalate this frikin war.  The Biden administration (in name only) has done everything they can do to screw America.  Jan 20....please hurry up and get here.
Russians so chill...
Russia still winning then..
as always...

Russia shot down ALL Ukrainian drones and nothing was destroyed on the Russian side!!!
So what was it, US missiles or "drones"?
this channel is BBC network no doubt.
How does it feel little man Putin ?  You are getting a taste of your own medicine !  I can still see you striding in to your security council meeting and humiliating the council members by forcing them to agree that the invasion of Ukraine was important  !  I know they all are laughing at you now ,under their breath , right ?  Karma is hell, isn't it ?
Slava Ukraine 🇺🇦.
Russia isnt shooting anything down, its S 400 air defense systems have already been  proved inferior, and they're definitely not shooting down atacms as they travel at around mach 3.
The brainwashed people by the West think they can defeat Russia 😂😂

Keep dreaming
Krembot panic in comments 
😱🙀🫨😱🙀🫨😱🙀🫨😱🙀🫨😱🙀🫨
russian oil successfully intercepted Ukrainian drones - again
Russia should be fined for all that carbon emissions...just no good for the climate.
Faut se dire que si sa arrive en Europe tout les missiles russe passent largement et aux royaume unis comme aux US
Not allowed to say"Putin is the best tyrant right now"😂
Лапша на уши. Ну хоть в интернете украина побеждает))
Jokes on the Ukrainians! Russia's oil refinery intercepted those Ukrainian missiles and drones😅
Join the Texas Military!
This channel must be closed ! Its promotung violence
We may not make it rot January 20th. Biden and his globalist war mongering handlers have an appetite for war. Americans are just along for the ride.  Our govt. Has been hijacked.
Suka bylat
Them north Koreans probably scared shitless, ready to run home.
Lot's of Ukranian 'influencers' online
And the leaders(politicians) drinking champagne and are very pleased. In Ucraine and Russia are people who lost her healty and her lives.
So sad to see an aggressor rewarded in such a way.
U think it's funny, u wait for Oreshnik' response... and u laugh again. What is funny about death
Os assassinos russos atacam civis. São cobardes.
Rússia se quer viver tranquila saia do país s que invadiu.
The payload means it can only damage the garage
You mean the US and NATO, right?
